Please understand that Superpowers are... real,
but the real ones are a magnitude more profound than the stuff in the comics.
Hyperrealism or Fantasy Art is a superpower,
and so is selling your art, selling creations that come from your heart.

Teaching! Hyperrealism and Stylization,
is extremely powerful as it helps people out of poverty.
Elements of stylization such as glowing eye techniques, or face highlights,
or playing with camera focus are perfectly awesome superpowers as well.
As the case is with highlights of the cheek, nose and lip, possibly forehead,
Hyperrealism is more than just realism.
Hyperealism unlike a mere photo,
captures the way the image is processed by our minds.
And as you progress beyond the wonders of Hyperrealism,
you will be stepping into a world of uncharted superpowers.

You will actually need a real and fancy journal,
so that you can write things down.
There will be hundreds of things here,
not just glowing eye styles but notes on times of day, and backgrounds.
To make eyes glow brighter for example,
you don't use a brighter color, nuh uh.
You put your character in the middle of dark woods,
among cheerful fireflies and maybe a patch of foxfire.
What better way to show a bright light,
than to make it shine at night.
And to capture a sunset,
goodness - you don't put a sun in your painting...
You highlight the ear
so that it glows red, as if lit by a bright sun
Hundreds, and hundreds of things,
and not so much about the stricture of the head for example.
But, just, where the most meaningful shadows and highlights go,
that make portraits come to life...
And not just in your hands,
your journal stands for more...

Can you imagine it?
It is a deep and dark December,
your defiant heals are clicking on cold concrete.
Might as well trade your biggest purse for a backpack,
you brought a bunch of tablets with you.
You feel footsteps behind you, you try to ignore it,
so you keep it cool and ponder the backup tablets you brought just in case.
But eventually,
you just have to look.
And it is the cheery eyed lady with the sweet accent,
that always shows up first in class and never says anything.
But she hears your every word,
with awe.
Her nose is red,
and that totally just made half your lecture about noses.
And she has her tablet under her arm,
you smile, she smiles, the universe smiles, and the future of the human kind if brighter for it.

You are on a mission,
as far as you can tell School/craft won't call you back next semester.
So you set your mind on getting theses kids,
from zero to hero every lecture.
And it may not be clear to you,
but your two first lectures left them freaking the heck out.
Orientation is supposed to go slow mo,
but you showed up few hours early and set-up Krita and all the tablets ... which cost you $1,100 dollars -- but f**k it, cause your class is a work of art too.
And all of them did setup with art sellers,
and some art was bought, mostly parents, but it absolutley counts.

Your third lecture,
will show every one of your students through and through, that they don't have to be scared of poverty anymore.
They can see the road,
unbeknownst to you - the young lady behind you is about to make a sale during your lecture.
Everyone will just pause,
they will look at your rosy smiling face, and the portrait that was sold, and the young lady squeaking with delight, and back to the smiling you.
On your fourth lecture,
you will read out a note from the customer, that they had the portrait printed on a canvas and that they love it.

All of your twelve lectures,
make the kids speechless, as you armed each of your meetings with real results.
And you are constantly interrupted,
by squeaks of new sales.

The two girls in middle row that were talking on the first lecture,
until they saw how easy portraits are.
They actually end up teaching digital art at Peace Corps,
and later on, end up with a huge fashion design studio.

Not only will they never forget you,
but they too become teachers.
Certainly for their friends,
but also, one teaches at UofM, and another started her own art school.
The cheery young lady,
ends up working at the UN...
And nothing she does, is without that start-and-end punch,
that you taught her.
She'll talk about you for decades,
"Not only did she make each lecture meaningful, but she showed us we were not poor."

Friedrich Nietzsche caught on the importance of art,
"Art is the proper task of life." - Mindful and meaningful life.
Art was never about the works, ever,
it was always about harnessing the power to change the world - about building bridges to greater places.
Here you taught your students a way out of poverty,
and they took that beyond anything that you could have grasped,
You changed their world,
and in return they changed the world in a way that kept all, away from the terrors of poverty.