As the inventor in me purrs along,
pondering a little song.
I am inventing new thingamabobs,
and redesigning all my door knobs.
I must say, the wallet design number 40,
is starting to look pretty sporty.
Design is extremely technical,
but comes out looking tactical.

But this little song of mine,
is going to have an amazing baseline.
As I broke new grounds,
by inventing all kinds of new sounds.
I went around my house,
tapping at things at if to scare a mouse.
I am getting ready to record my own drumkit,
so I am searching for all the sounds I can emit.

In the programming universe,
I am building a new world anybody can traverse.
I went back to the old idea of MUD[1] and MOO[2],
to create a text world anybody can venture to.
And I merged it with WikiWiki,
to create a program that isn't very picky.
To traverse the world,
the user has to carefully read what they are told.
They will have to conquer many puzzles and quests,
though there will not be any tests.
While this is still a tiny research tool,
maybe someday it could become a school.

There is a million things I would like to do,
but I can only pick a few.
I am really excited about jogging in cold weather,
when running on snow I feel like a feather.
But there are only 71 days until the of winter,
so I better learn to shuffle like a sprinter.
--
Life truly is plenty long, that is for sure,
but we should take care of our inventions until they mature.
As inventing and thinking up new things,
gives our imagination wings.
It is not so much about the invention it self,
after all it is just going to sit on the shelf.
What it is truly about,
is eliminating inventor's doubt.

Because the truth is, we are all inventors,
and we don't even need slowpoke mentors.
We all have plenty of ideas on our own,
and we are always in the zone.
You just start with a single brick,
and make sure that the next one will stick.
Next thing you know you have a brand new thingamajig,
and a new invention, is always big.
 
References
[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MUD
[2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MOO