Tiniest poems are by far best,
but writing short stories is a real test.

Be warned, whatever you do not create a poem that is angry or sad,
as people search for poems to get away from all the bad.

The first step is to get a hold of a list of words that rhyme,
a rhyming dictionary, or just search for a rhyming website.

The thing about finding rhymes is that you don't always get to say,
what you are trying to say, so you have to expand or contract, till you find a rhyme.

There are many types of poems,
but little rhyming ones are always cheerful and loving.

And because you can only say what rhymes,
you get to include extras, that you wouldn't normally think of.

For example,
here is a little poem about strange mini-adventures.

There is something lovely and strange,
when going out for a jog or a walk for a change.

If it is early morning and before the sun comes out,
it will be a fascinating workout.

If it is late at night,
it will feel like running at the speed of light.

And just going our for a walk is also great,
because it is a heck of a way to concentrate.

I think of poems as little dreams,
they just meander their own way, and that is OK.

I prefer writing two lines,
where both of the endings rhyme.

Some people like an even odd scheme,
where first rhymes with third, and second with fourth.

And sometimes people pay attention to the rhythm of the line it self,
that can be very good practice for song making.

By far the best method in my opinion,
is to write on a commuter.

Because here you can easily edit lines,
and quickly look up rhymes.

But, you should also keep a paper journal,
where you write down your favorite poems, and rhymes.

And above all, and this is really, really important,
you have to record your voice, or make a video of you reading your poems.

Recording your recitations truly is a huge part or poetry,
you can just cover the camera if you are uncomfortable with full video.

Lets try another poem,
this one is about boo boo, a barking dog I often say hello to during my spring jogs.

Though I love the singing birds and frogs,
I don't really make many friends on my jogs.

But there is this one dog that really barks,
I always mutter, ah-a! a bite like that will leave some marks.

But as soon as I speed up with a frown,
he seems to somewhat, calm down.

I think he barks because he is bored,
and as far as strangers go his barks often go ignored.

And here I come breathlessly chugging along,
sometimes doing little dances to my song.

And I think he barks because that entertains him,
that I try so hard to be slim.

I try to show him I am a gentleman and I wave,
in hopes that he does not misbehave.

And, I gave him a name too,
I call him Boo-Boo.

After what I'd probably get if he got his wish,
and got off of his leash.

Even, the tiniest idea can become a funny and somewhat lengthy poem,
as you go round an round searching for rhymes.

Poems can be really good at helping you remember something neat,
like the sound that frogs made one day, or a barking dog.

Without trying to rhyme,
the story would be one sentence long, and soon forgotten.

With a poem,
it just keeps going bark and bark.

I should also mention,
that there is this classy way of speaking about things, by subtle analogy.

Instead of writing a poem that mentions your favorite philosophers,
mention flower names, or planets, or star names instead.

And as a result you end up with a book of poetry,
about something seemingly ordinary, but also one that hides a profound wisdom.

For example, Philosophers are fond or saying,
"Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel".

Aster, is a kind of flower that symbolizes,
Wisdom, Faith, and Valor, and the word comes from Greek and means star.

The word planets also has its roots in the Greek planētes asteres,
meaning "wandering stars" and in this case, a wandering student.

Even if a person is not familiar with what the analogies are about,
they are sure to appreciate a mysterious poem and completely understand it.

Too many planets and stars,
and no Aster could ever stand up to vengeful Mars.

We mustn't hope to fill the vessel but to kindle a flame,
we can only hope to give the stars an aim.

May the stars and the wanderers find their light,
so that our world can grow, more noble and bright.