The world is not ending,
it is just not where it should be.
And while you are correct to think that most people won't care until it is too late,
understand that this is because the world has wronged them.
They are hurt with overwork, fear confusion, poverty, including poverty in their mind,
the idea of paid education can't be more twisted.
Once an institution charges for knowledge,
it becomes permanently tarnished, for putting obstacles in Humanity's way.
And that is not even considering the question of whether or not school can actually teach,
cramming, memorizing, passing, graduating, maybe giving a speech.

A speech which cannot help but to praise the institution in question, and the faculty,
the valedictorian can't say anything negative, and still hope to pay off the debt that school put them in.
It is all too easy to pick an achiever,
that feels warmly about their education, but this is a matter of all the graduates displaying more then they could accomplish on their own.
And this concept of a GPA, that is controlled by the teachers and school,
upon which their funding, and prestige depends on.
If there actually ever was a need for a real graduation,
then it would have the students present the fruits of their education.
Things that they have created, or lead, or begun,
meaningful, long lasting or permanent things.

Anyway, you can spot the lie, by just considering whether or education has an end,
real education does not last four years, it lasts a lifetime.
The silent unspoken truths are all too simple, a name brand education gets people accepted into world renowned circles,
it is never about the education, it is about the doors that the brand names open.

But you see, education can't be faked, education is the driving force beneath Greatness,
it empowers with knowledge, enlightens with Wisdom, and lists the person up to Greatness.
In greatness we don't wage wars, we don't steal blue skies from children a world over by flying drones over their heads,
In wisdom, in greatness, we ensure a real education decades before the poverty takes hold.
We are brothers and sisters,
we can see into the future.

That the world is the way it is, today,
is proof that representatives are a cheap and feeble tools.
--
With real education, in wisdom, knowing the next steps would be beautiful,
it would fill all with Hope.
But in what we have today,
people throw themselves into overwork out of desperation.
They never discover that are meant to become Great Beings,
that money is meant to help humanity grow not force it into wage slavery.
The wiser generations that are yet to come,
will be able to declare whether or not schools in our era held us back.
Few hundred years from now our internet and even private emails will be read in search for answers,
they will search for the answer to the question of why?
Why didn't we repair all the social constructs that are of our own making and invention, and yet hold us back,
why didn't we help humanity advance sooner than later.

How could we allow poverty to swallow the whole world,
and how could we not see, how wrong we were.

This damage poverty causes to a person cannot always be undone,
however, it can be prevented in future generations.

Socrates tried to so this,
he tried to teach Wisdom to alter the course hos Civilization was on.
He tried to make the future better,
the only wise way there is.
By teaching the younger generation,
to prevent the repetition of mistakes, propagation of errors, and all the things that don't belong in wise decision making.

If you choose to become a Great Being,
even those who have been hurt by the world, will listen to you.
We all have a predisposition to listen to Great Beings,
not only will the younger generations become wiser because of who you have become, but you will also be able to restore hope in those who lost it.

Wisdom will make the world stop and listen,
the very definition of wisdom is that it is integrated, and easy to understand.
Though yours it maybe as vast as space,
it will forever remain Human, Forever, All Too Human.
Wisdom can be as simple as helping people out of invisible prisons[1],
a lot of the things that are crushing humanity are concepts that we invented and can regain control over.
But humanity can't be torn by noise, confusion, religions, politics, borders, hunger, pain,
it has to begin growing towards wisdom, where it can converge, integrate, unite, combine its countless strengths.
The worlds needs Wise and Unstoppable beings,
to remind its people of the importance of wisdom.

If you become a Great Being, the world will begin learning from you,
people will follow in similar footsteps, both the young and the old, both the angry and the cheerful.
Don't just lead them, help them to become like you,
that is all that the universe will ever ask from you.

In the end all it will take, is for the younger generations to understand,
that becoming Great Beings is their right.
 
References
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPSvdKTEZug