Maybe, it was the digital camera,
that started the change.
Just being able to take a photo,
and quickly use it as digital painting reference transformed art.
Today, using image reference tool under the Open Source Krita,
allows for tracing the shape and position of everything in the shot, and picking the correct color as well.

This adds up to start the young artist,
at perfect hyperrealistic portraits.
There are numerous paths to the heart of art,
but this one is the most colorful one, and here no teacher will ever stand in your way.
This lights the flame of art deep in our soul,
long before ineffective teachers come to poison a person with ideas hand-eye-coordination, or what is and is not art.

To this day critics born to the old era,
will ramble that we can't make the body as expressive as when we copy the initial sketch by hand.
But it doesn't work like that,
because distortion isn't as respectful, as a sunny and colorful perfect portrait.
A person's appearance,
is profoundly sacred.
Painting a real person with fantasy stylizations grants that person a gift of a smile,
and a small part of the strength of your soul.
Painting real people without pointless (some would say elitist) distortion is so important,
that each artist should ask their elder selves, "Which do you regret?"

But, listen, this is just the beginning, all of this marvelous glory,
is but the first step into art, a world that has no limits or boundaries.

For example here is one of the tiniest magic spells you can perform on your digital painting,
pick a neat and sunny color, and create a new top layer above your painting, and put it in Color Doge Mode...
You now have the power of the sun, of fire, of glowing embers and god rays, of lens flare,
and streaking falling stars.
The digital photo made it so that the gateways to worlds of fantasy,
and portraits depicting real faces lit by unimaginable beauty are but a click away.

With Hyperrealism in hand,
the students enter the world of art as royalty.
Teachers would have the student enter as a beggar,
cursed with the disease of broken hand and eye coordination.
Forced into a lifetime of slightly crooked portraits,
and punished by placing all the beauty of art far and years away, under the lock and key.

The hands of better generations,
hold pieces of magic so intricate, that a world must be built, prior, to it being painted.
It can be photo bashing, which helps the artist learn from world's most experienced artists and movie directors,
it can be sculpture.
We can already feel that sculpting in 2D by means of the constant use of a picker and local-color is missing something,
that something is the sculpture that comes along with the painting.
It is beautifully printed, in marble PLA,
and serves as a companion to the painting.
And it is not,
just about adding more powerful tools to the process.
The future still includes oil on canvas,
some will paint their digital painting in a way that creates helpful reference for wall projectors.
Physical world painters already use photography and digital art sketching,
to see where to take their painting next prior to laying down real paint on the canvas.
In the future; canvas, and masterfully so,
becomes second to the digital masterpiece, here the process of painting is similar to the process of printing.
The work of art must survive past the point of being laid down on the canvas,
a work of art deserves a change to evolve past its original limits.

Every human being is born an Artist,
and Art is a Superpower - it will not be kept from us.
One of the other incredible powers within our Psychology,
is thinking and reasoning, by subtle analogy.
In the world beneath art, you are meant to grow all the way up as well,
you are, meant to become, a great being.