When you gather a comfortable amount of observation,
there is a moment when you go from observer to creator.

It is similar to how you arrive in a new city,
at first you are unsure, but eventually it becomes your home town.

In politics, politicians so through something similar,
but it is a mistake, they become comfortable around manipulators,
and get comfortable with manipulating, propagating the blight.

In the world of books, the authors that resonate with you,
become your friends, Carl Sagan, Bill Bryson, Dan Brown,
they become family and you get to know them in your own way.

In world adventures, it is called going native, or emanating mana,
one moment you are an outsider, and the next you are riding a bull to work,
where you spend your days working hard on digging new wells,
hurrying to finish before your visa expires and you have get back to the loud and filthy city.

When knowledge becomes internalized, it becomes wisdom,
you become able to synthesize more knowledge out of what you already know,
some call it Enlightenment.

It all cases, it is natural, human, simple and easy to get to,
it is not rare, it is not a power granted only to special people,
it is a power that makes people more special.

If you read enough audio books that move you in the same direction,
you'll go from listening about something to becoming a participant in thinking about it.

It is a feeling so powerful at first,
that some become convinced they are geniuses,
and have deeper knowledge

"Nope! that's just your first tipping point dude,
keep going though, because you are just about as amazing as you think you are, don't stop learning".

The more tipping points, and plateaus,
upon which we rests as we move towards the sunny parts of our mountain range.

The more capable we become, the more we can synthesize,
and the more of the things we synthesize slowly do become unique and amazing.

Finally, the more we know,
the easier it is to understand other people's works,
we begin sharing more and more with other creators.

That's Real Education,
we become specialists in our own unique corners of the world,

Eventually we too get stung by the urge to share what we know,
both the unique little discoveries or contributions we made,
and in memoirs that describe all the twisty little passages that got us there.