That schools are broken is one terrible thing,
you are meant to stand far above that.
You are meant to be more than just self educating,
you are meant to be powering up, all that is all too human.
It doesn't even matter what is coming,
you are to learn great things as a function of being human.
You are meant to become a great being,
you are meant to move mountains.

A world that does not emphasize greatness,
will become a world of actors, performers, pretenders.
Those kinds of people are not well,
they just put on a proud face and go with the flow.
Remember that being manipulated by an actor,
is imperceptible - that is the definition of manipulation.
I think all that liars want is not to be caught,
hence the energetic effort at projecting leadership.
Real leadership is about preventing dead ends,
not waiting until all but desperate choices are available.
A world that does not emphasize greatness,
will lack the necessary wisdom to build schools, to provide real safety.
Oh, Humanity comes together,
and more often than not fixes everything at the very last second...
But that is not the way it is done,
foresight and comprehension, wisdom and greatness is how it is done.
Last second prevention can fail sometimes,
and it is not who we are anyway.

On the other end, we can't hope to fix things by means of destruction,
we learn that from the hydra that grows two heads in place of the one that was cut off.
In short,
destruction magnifies hate, and we are creators not destroyers.
We have to set kindergarten level ideas aside,
and understand that wisdom and greatness are the true forces of change.
They are forces of creation, of bringing understanding,
of setting people free from prisons whose walls they cannot see.
Borders do not make humanity better or more stable,
if anything they are used to mislead and harm the most vulnerable.

Humanity, in reality has no rulers,
it is too vast, too noble, and far too collectively wise.
We have people who take care of paperwork,
so that we can take care of our lives.
Those are not leaders,
they should not decide on matters that steer humanity, they just need to take care of paperwork.
Only Humanity can set its course,
and we need to understand that.
We are one family, and we all have to rise,
and we have to look far into distant futures.
Our most important duty,
is to make sure the little ones have a great and cheerful future.