I really like how my portable Linux based player,
has neither a screen not keyboard.
It is just this one chain,
Battery, Linux, Audio Card.
The more I though about adding buttons,
the more un-pure my invention had seemed.
This Is A Digital Audio Player,
it is meant to be raw, and clean.

So the keyboard and screen is a no go,
which brings us to the original problem.
How do I start, stop, previous, next,
and manipulate the volume.
Bluetooth Shutter!
you know how people take photos with a little remote?
Yeah, when I bought one for my phone,
I discovered it would mess with other apps.

I could click send on a text message from,
10 meters away, useless but amazing.
Because that meant, those cheap little remote shutters,
simulate standard keyboards.
I love little useless facts like that,
this particular one came in handy dandy this weekend.

I connected it to my Linux based audio player,
it took four and a half hours - but I connected it.
And I witnessed my final version of my MP3 player invention from 1998,
the Linux goes into a snazzy jazzy fanny pack, and the Bluetooth remote in my pocket.
While the buttons don't stick out enough,
I can make my own Bluetooth keyboard device, it is no big deal - I like this little shutter.

I have to read the raw Linux keyboard input to get at the data,
I have a perfectly functional prototype downstairs.
But it needs to be re-written in node js,
as I will add a phone UI, or maybe a hotpot UI that can maybe stream to other phones.
Might as well write it all out in Node.js,
and maybe Svelte on the Browser end.

Beyond simple controls,
I'll provide audio feedback when buttons are pushed.
A long press on one of the buttons can activate the main menu,
where I can jam a bunch of crazy Linux things.

This tiny invention isn't just about Audio,
it is about the coming of age of portable GNU/Linux Hardware.
It is a pocket server,
it can do anything, including phone calls over the internet.
This is a modular computer device,
you can plug anything into it, and expand it $20 at a time.
It can play audio, it can compose songs,
it can read you audio books, it can play audio books, or help you record them.
It can keep you connected to the internet,
or it can become the local internet offering whatever it has downloaded.
Today's phones make a person seem uninterested in real life,
connecting these little devices together, however, makes a person seem trendy and clever.

Let us all hope that the cool technology of tomorrow,
is wearable computer networks.
Personally, I hope we can all work together towards making,
Bat Belts socially acceptable, and cool.