However long it is going to be,
however magnificent.

It will be just one,
it will start in the beginning and go as far as it can into the future.

There is no time here to stay down, or stay scared, or live simple, or dream plain,
you have one life to live, and the only rule here, is that it is lived to the fullest, and most fulfilling.

Every one of you days must add to the Magnificent Whole,
sometimes to your body, sometimes to your mind, sometimes to your wisdom, and your dreams.

But you never stay down,
there is nothing more powerful than a Human Rising.

Sometimes life is hell,
bunt then we learn to twist and bend and avoid the punches.

And sometimes even strike back,
but never without having won the battle first.

Sometimes life is a dream,
and then we have to cross the Appalachian Trail, Run Western States.

And sometimes even face a black bear or a cougar,
with a Superhuman growl that will hurt our throat for a day and a half.

Wherever we start,
we never stay down when facing life's challenges.

Even when committed to a bed,
we continue rising until our arms grow strong and the nurses grow worried.

It is to transform,
which is the meaning of the words: growing up.

I know you want to know what it all for,
and that you are unsatisfied when you hear that the answer is about Human Dignity and Nobility.

The transformation is harder to explain,
because you transform into a being that is higher than who you are right now.

Mistakes that we learn from,
cease being mistakes, and as we grow we become wise enough to not make mistakes at all.

Our attention then turns to the world,
we try to help the people of the world grow the same way we grew.

This is why the transformation is frequently described as Human Dignity and Nobility,
because Humans are meant to become Peaceful Warriors, Inspirational Teachers, Powerful Thinkers, Lovers of Wisdom, and Great Beings.

When they are denied their Dignity and Nobility,
they are put at a great disadvantage, and our world and all the creates in it are put in harms way.

To help the world grow,
you have to become a Great Being and inspire the others to discover their own path towards the Great Human Dignity and Nobility.

In turn, they have to inspire others,
and to no end, and that is the only way that Humanity Can Grow.

Human beings have many superpowers,
Knowledge, Philosophy and Her Daughters, The Sciences, Foresight and Insight, and Great Visions Of The Future.

Time has come, to stop tolerating ineffective or fake education,
and stop waiting for an imaginary Superman.

Our civilization has reached a point where we must begin reminding each other,
that we are _all_ meant to become Great Beings.