You can leave, you don't have to ask the Teacher,
if they are not teaching you, they can only delay your education.
If school is wasting your time, teaching you nothing,
That is a crime, and if you stay; your foreshadowing.
We have something now, my Dear Friend.
We have Internet Lectures, Audio Books, and Start-up Incubators.
No teacher can teach you better than failing at your first start-up,
no teacher can bring you with more wisdom, than failing at your first start-up.
You can go, so as long as you can do it better yourself.
So as long as your aim is Greatness.
Take your books, and go.
don't forget your friends.

Since you are the first to rise,
you will be the new Teacher.
Prepare your Audio Books wisely,
and do not forget YouTube Lectures.
You'll need investors,
and although, all your parents put together make quite an investor.
You need to approach the pros,
and listen carefully as they will proud to help all of you.
People believe in authenticity,
investors know what kind of student stays, and what kind of student leaves.
All those failures that were crushing you in school,
are worth their weight in gold when building a new school.

Research Homeschooling and Un-schooling, bring your friends,
if your parents keep yelling, find someone more worthy of you.
Parents are not gods, they make mistakes,
they are scared of responsibilities, scared of unknown.
Don't let the yelling get to you,
they need to learn to communicate their ideas better.

Whatever fails you, Your Friends, Your School, Your Parents,
It means you got to go - or they got to go - or you won't be able to grow.
Lack of education, is a terrible curse,
bough on by bad schools, bad parents, and bad friends;
First it will make you blind,
and then you will lose your mind.
That's probably,
how slavery worked.
Whatever is interfering with your Real Education,
is attacking you, cheating you of wisdom, freedom, independence.
You cannot agree to this, You have to rise,
rise against stupidity, bondage, and slavery.
If everyone failed you,
then the universe has called upon you to become your teacher.
When you grow up,
walking out of that charade, will be your favorite story to tell.
Your listeners will be the same age you were,
the books you loved, will become the books they'll love too.
You will set them free,
help them to wisdom, help them to independence.
Learn, so that you can become a Successful Entrepreneur,
find your start at Start-up Accelerators.
Go there early, as failure is a powerful teacher.
Show them your Hunger, show them how much you have learned on your own.
Set yourself free,
a life without wisdom is slavery.
Teach your Investors what a Good Book really does,
help their employees to discover knowledge, to hunger for more.
Would you, as a Powerful Great Businessperson,
take the diploma you are working on, seriously?
Seriously?
Or would you see a child waiving a little flag,
hoping to squeeze in, if there is room for one more.

Why do you need teachers anyway,
they can only stand between you and the Great Beings.
Find a road less traveled, find the more grassy patch,
bring a Picnic Basket, Audio Books, and Video Lectures.
Let That Be Your Classrom,
and let your future be made by you.
Learn at your own pace,
in your own sequence.
Any lecture worth watching is on the internet now,
that is what the internet was created for.
Helping The World,
Really Learn.