Hey,
Teacher.

A lot of the students somehow know...
- and they are watching you.

They are learning from you,
what not to become.

Most teachers will copy other teacher's grades,
even when classes are not related.

To them a C student,
is a C student in their class too.

So a C in English,
will make a C student in Spanish, maybe in Math, and probably in Art too.

This is called "I hate my job",
this is called incompetence.

Teaching is not a job, painting is a job, maintenance is a job,
teaching is about propagation of the best of culture.

To fail to teach,
is to fail an entire generation.

To fail a generation,
is to have them repeat mistakes, and force them to make new ones.

A failed culture is a cult,
it is a temporary thing swiftly moving towards the brick wall of reality.

It won't just be about torture like enhanced-interrogation,
or concentration camps like cramped government-detention facilities that separate children from mothers,
and it won't stop at what has been called vocational facilities.

To fail a generation,
is to restart them at zero, and have them repeat every horrible mistake.

Teaching is not a job,
is all we have.

Teaching is all we have.

Teaching. is. all. we. have.

Teaching is all we have.

Teaching is all we have.

Schools that use grades,
cause harm.

Teachers that blindly follow the broken practice,
misunderstood the meaning of education.

Children with bad grades,
will use them as a measure of self.

Curriculum based education causes harm,
teachers often scare their students into memorization, which is meaningless and temporary.

Maybe not completely meaningless,
because by a very long extension that the teachers themselves won't grasp in their shallow thinking and ignorance, the teachers cause great harm.

They set the students up,
for complete failure.

A good programmer kid,
will not get an A in programming when they are flunking math.

And they will be flunking Math, because unlike Programming which is a rational chain of functions,
math teachers in their sick incompetence will frighten their students into brainless memorization.

Programming is a superset of math, think of programming as a thing that wraps math,
school math is tiny compared to software.

Bad teachers have no grasp on fundamentals, and in some cases reality even,
they only know enough to bring a paycheck home, and sadly, that is more than enough to destroy minds.

There is no argument to save the face of bad teachers,
because of the harm their misunderstanding, has caused - they are the men that sold the world.

Homeschooling will only make things worse,
it will cut students off from modern culture.

Homeschooling is likely to make students more susceptible to lies and manipulations,
and their eventual start in life will be worse for it.

An education,
is not supposed to be something that starts when a student goes to school.

That kind of education,
is the least and the worst.

What a child, or student needs,
is a Culture of Knowledge.


[enhanced-interrogation]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LPubUCJv58
[cramped government-detention facilities that separate children from mothers]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Jq-V4qvZh8
[vocational facilities]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7RojQpJWMw
[Curriculum based education causes harm]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxyKNMrhEvY
[school math is tiny compared to software]: https://github.com/catpea/math-as-code