Some are very excited about the idea that at the quantum level,
things can travel back in time and are never quite guaranteed.

Others, love the fact that adaptive systems which accumulate-state between generations,
given enough time... can easily create conscious life.

As beautiful as those marvels are,
there is something even more powerful and far wilder.

The quantum and emergence are simple things,
that make what we should call, small leaps.

But there is a phenomenon that deals with such enormous leaps, and such, out of control consequence,
that no hope of predictability, not even a shadow of control, remains.

A process in the middle world,
between the quarks and quasars.

It is supremely random,
often finding its beginning in the actual random walk of a human being, a creature already out of control. ...

And as out of control as it is, it is not at all strange,
it is no stranger, than going home and sitting down on one's favorite chair.

It is not a process invented by nature, it is not emergent, there is nothing accidental here,
the root of this thing has begun less than 200,000 years ago.

On earth it was invented by humans,
it required their deliberate attention, and agreement, a mark on a stick, a notch on a bone, a symbol in a cave, perhaps a precisely places shell, or a mound thereof.

It's beginning as are extremely humble,
no doubt, the phenomenon emerged independently in multiple cultures.

It grew in complexity,
just like the culture of the modern human.

It was human made,
so it grew along with humans.

All things considered,
yeah, it is our greatest invention.

It is so powerful, that it can snuff out entire kingdoms,
as if they were a mere flame of a candle.

Dictators are scared of it,
and they are unable to deal with those who take to it.

The universe lost control,
but so did the rulers, and the slavers, the priests and the liars.

The thing is a wild card,
it comes in endless variety and each unique mind connects to it slightly differently, and it never stops craving for more.

See an adaptive system, dumps what has been weakly accumulated by accident,
but this thing, connects with us, bonds with us.

It is not a cosmic bond, not a neuronal bond,
but it bonds with the totality of our mind, it refines our mind and our very thoughts.

It weakens mistakes,
and strengthens powers.

See the measly time travel that quantum particles maybe doing,
does not compare.

This thing can do time travel almost for real,
and in the most magnificent of ways, and each time we connect with it, it becomes even more magnificent.

It deepens vision,
it refines foresight.

It is so powerful,
that no one is able to describe it all, not in any coherent way.

And even if they did,
the moment they finished, their description would be already out of date.

And it is not just a thing, or a phenomenon,
it is more like a living revolution, a wave of ideas that rounds the globe, person by person.

It is not a public phenomenon,
that does not even approach to do it justice.

It is a deeply person thing,
a sacred thing.

And hold it in your hand, and transfer it's contents into your mind through your imagination,
it will feel like paper, but it becomes a unique universe in our unique mind.

I would never call this a book,
nor would I ever try to describe it by saying how one reads it.

A book that is merely read,
is a waste of time, it is worthless.

The real thing is something more,
more than I can hope to describe.

No reader who's loved their book,
ever felt it in their hand.

And there is more,
because it is not just what the book holds in its pages, but what _you_ bring _in_to_ it.

The books you read and re-read change,
as you grow.

Fundamentally, there is a feature of a book, that must be noted loud and clear,
a well written book will help us inherit refined wisdom from across many lifetimes.

No one ever ever reads just one book,
and no one inherits the precise medley of the things the author described.

Ergo, we each read from a different library,
even though we may share the same books.

If all there remains at the end of universe,
is room for a simple singe word to describe what a book is.

That word would be,
upgrade.