Lack of real education,
has been behind wrong doing in every nation.
Education is our most important invention,
our only means of crime and war prevention.
Let us set students free,
form all the world’s poverty.
Let us end poverty and all the charades,
and force school to pay, pay, for grades.

We must all aim to agree,
that real education makes the world open and free.
Let us eliminate poverty by paying for education,
let us build a new world, by uniting every nation.
Let us call it Earth and live without war,
instead of fighting ... let us learn, more.
--
Stop letting liars tell you that "peace cannot be",
because they are deaf, dumb and cannot see.
They will lie to keep the world chained,
so as long as there is still a living soul to be drained.
Liars are broken and cannot think for real,
some turn off their hearts and cannot even feel.

Above all, and it goes without a say,
that we must learn for real, each and every day.
And we must remember that schools may never work,
and that we all have an odd quirk.
We are stuck under this shadow,
only making decisions based on what we know.
So we have to lean as much as we can,
to dream up the wisest plan.
Not just for learning more,
though that should be at its core.
But for helping the world grow too,
as it too needs a greater view.

We must not tolerate broken schools,
anymore than we use broken tools.
Lack of real education is madness,
and it can only take us towards great sadness.
Learning for real,
is a huge deal.
It is such a huge deal,
that is does not even matter if schools are real.
We should learn on our own anyway,
that is the most trustworthy way.

Whatever lies stand in your way,
you have to kick them away.
Because we need real knowledge to be strong,
it is broken school is where things go wrong.
That quirk of ours does not let us see,
how fake schools force us all to disagree.

Parents, do not trust a broken school,
students learning on their own, should be the rule.
It is even worse in broken nations where corrupt schools,
are little more than propaganda tools.
Make no mistake schools should pay for grades,
rather than send children into war or military parades.
Early life is meant to be beautiful,
not turn a trusting student into a tool.

Real education sets us all truly free,
and it helps the World converge on wisdom and finally agree.