We learn philosophy layer by layer,
first we take what we understand.
And upon considering that,
we are now able to understand a little bit more.
Some philosophers consider,
that we may wish to discard the ladder once we are done using it.
And even paint a ceiling,
beyond-which things are nonsense.
Ludwig Wittgenstein warns us:
“Wovon man nicht sprechen kann, darüber muß man schweigen.”
which is translated as:
"Whereof one cannot speak [of things with much sense], thereof one must be silent."

Philosophers construct things,
they go too far, or fall short all the time.
Socrates who encourages us with:
"Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings,
so that you shall come easily-by, what others have labored hard for."
Also adds,
"Do not mind whether the teachers of philosophy are good or bad,
but think only of philosophy herself."
On the other end of this spectrum,
are people whose ideas are so beautiful that they make other scientists say "it lacks clinical grounding".
I really appreciate this short little ladder about growing up that Jane Loevinger created,
see "Loevinger's stages of ego development[1]".
In her last stage she says "learning is understood as unavoidable ... the unattainable is renounced.",
I personally think this as beautiful.

We need to consider that schools are not working very well,
that scientist maybe spending too much time comparing rats to humans
Things to strive for, inspirations, projections, even daydreaming about philosophers, warriors or superheroes,
are really good for us.

The way I learned to see science, is as a product of philosophy,
so if something does not fit Psychology for lack of clinical grounding.
It is put back into the broader field of Philosophy,
if Loevinger's stages of ego development are not compatible with psychology, then it is a Philosophical System.
Perhaps one pending the invention of a new field of Psychology,
one where rats are not used to model human behavior.

On the subject of Philosophy, Socrates goes on to say:
"Try and examine her well and truly, and if she be evil seek to turn away all men from her [...];
but if she be what I believe that she is,
then follow her and serve her, [...] and be of good cheer."
Socrates is so wonderful here,
that Will Durant used this quote in his introduction to The Story Of Philosophy[2]

Tragically, schools do not present philosophy correctly[3],
in turn emerging this abomination we call academic philosophy.
The best way to get at it, is to start early, and with books and lectures similar in spirit to The Story Of Philosophy by Durant,
introduction to personalities and their best ideas.
And just listen, taking only that which is useful to us,
things that we appreciate and understand.
There are things in Philosophy that are a kind of nonsense for which there may not be time in life,
we should always remember Ludwig Wittgenstein and stick to the things that work for us, that are good.
Now, the really interesting thing is that the second time you read or listen to a book or lecture about philosophy,
you will get more out of it, as you have integrated, internalized, adopt the things you learned before.
What was previously difficult to grasp,
now will seems reasonable, and this process will continue as you internalize more.

I will close with a thought on Jane Lovenger's work,
I think in the distant future as Humanity progresses forward, her work will be recognized as something very useful.
Future schools may even use stages of development as a tool used in guiding students forward,
showing them where they should be headed to secure World Peace, Human Dignity, and continued Advancement of Human Kind.
 
References
[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loevinger%27s_stages_of_ego_development
[2]: https://www.audible.com/pd/The-Story-of-Philosophy-Audiobook/B0044EQEIA
[3]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBmlRihA9_s