Be strong, stay positive,
the changes the world needs are found in all people becoming wiser and stronger.

None of the great challenges that lie ahead,
are meant to be faced alone.

The root of many problems is found in the divisions,
that Humanity has placed upon it self.

With full certainty of knowing, know that you are meant to become a Great Being,
you are meant to be a hero.

You are meant to build your wisdom, become wise,
and help the world become wiser in the process.

And you have to remind others,
remind everyone, to grow up, to grow to no end.

We have to fix schools,
schools have the power to advance Humanity as one.

They help the new generation start,
at the height that the current generations reached.

Without real education,
the children start at zero.

They have to re-invent the wisdom,
that has already been discovered.

A real school,
is a school that makes a real difference.

A real school will permanently wipe out the poverty of its students,
by helping them to good business ideas, and willing-and-professional investors.

A real school will protect its students,
from bad parents, from bad family, from bad neighborhood, and from a bad culture.

A school is an investment in the Future of Humanity,
and that future will forever demand more and more.

It is not enough to have just a handful of Heroes,
or Prime Ministers, or Presidents, or Civil and Human Right Leaders.

That is what growing up must lead us all to,
to grow all the way up, simply means, to become a Great Being.

You are neither alone in this journey,
now will you ever be alone in life, for taking it.

You are not the first,
there were countless many before you.

In their wisdom not all heroes will care to be known,
they will let their books and works, speak for-them.

In the journey towards Knowledge,
Wisdom and Greatness, You will never be alone.

Greta Thunberg
Michell Alexander
Sir Ken Robinson
Astra Taylor
Avital Ronell
Martha Nussbaum
Jill Tarter
Brené Brown
Richard Dawkins
Ayaan Hirsi Ali
Ayn Rand
Simone de Beauvoir
Lord Martin Rees
Lawrence Krauss
Daniel Dennett
Sam Harris
Christopher Hitchens
Bill Bryson
PZ Myers
Alex Filippenko
Seth Shostak
Sean Carroll
Jared Diamond
Howard Zinn
Noam Chomsky
Philip Zimbardo


[you are meant to be a hero]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWQq0E8ENSc