A dream of creating a real open and free World School,
that can help humanity converge on functional and powerful wisdom.

In centuries past people didn't know to learn,
and today we don't know to grow all the way up.

The difference between a cheerful programmer,
and a person who does not understand that they are forced to work...
Is culture, the family culture, the surrounding culture,
they culture they were born into, the culture they are surrounded by.
Some may become violent gang members, some soldiers,
for some maybe there will be no return, for most there is always a way back.
But our best hope is preventing,
lies, deception, and the fracturing of minds.
All young people must be free to safely travel the world,
they must see how cultures change from place to place.
And they must understand, through and through,
and deep down within their soul.
That we are one family,
and above all that we are each a citizen of the world first.

Everyone must be aware,
how easily misled we are.

Some nations purposefully warp people minds,
to create workers, soldiers, obedient citizens.
Criminals have their minds poisoned,
by broken culture, family, fear, or poverty.
Leaders enter into character, like an actor would,
as otherwise the other liars will out compete them.
This is the same exact mechanic, over and over,
denial of Knowledge, Wisdom, Greatness, and the Advancement of Human Kind.

Enlighten the world,
so that liars have no shadow to hide in.
We must remind that each is rise to become a Great Being,
in Dignity and Authenticity, Knowledge and Wisdom.
We must, restore Education's aim,
and help wiser politicians to represent the world.
We must, end poverty to prevent it from fracturing people
into lives of darkness, or crime.
We must, converge on wisdom in a peaceful word,
where borders stand as a reminder, not a divider.
Let the students take to the wisest books,
inheriting lifetimes of knowledge from within.
Remind those with hard won wisdom to share it,
in the books that the students will later read.
Let each generation refine and improve,
on the knowledge and culture they grew up with.
Let the new generations begin,
at the heights their predecessors reached.

Understand that for a nation, to isolate it self,
means to poison its people with propaganda.
It is a sign of injustice,
Human Rights violations, slavery, and eventually war.
The precursor to propaganda is ineffective education,
an imperceptible process to unravel all hope and dream.

In our wisdom we must learn to understand,
that we are one family.
And that we need to share in an authentic and powerful,
global educational system.
The first lectures by radio but later, like in a modern computer game,
a person moves in the direction they choose.
Here they won't be able to progress beyond certain points,
until they have the necessary skill and knowledge.

Now is the time to make use of inexpensive radio, and small portable commuters,
to help us all understand that we are one family.
And that we are all,
meant to converge on wisdom.
That our aim should be nothing short of,
reason, reality, knowledge, wisdom, greatness and World Peace.
The wold will neither grow. nor get any better,
until all understand that we each, must, aim; to become a Great Being.