So today, I will show you how to compose your own songs,
with your own lyrics.
We have a talent that you may not be aware of,
it is the talent of synchronizing with a metronome, or a simple beat.
Here, you just turn in on for one minute,
and then come up with a thought that moves you.
And then try to speak your wave-like-thought,
in the mathematically square melody of the metronome or the beat.
If something goes wrong, and your song isn't coming together,
you will need a melody to guide you.
Come up with your own,
just while something to a beat.
And then when you get stuck with lyrics,
coming apart on you, return to composing a thought to your whistle, your root melody.

You must use your own lyrics,
you must use your own thoughts.
You can speak from your heart,
but you have to use short words.
Because if you use really long words,
then the song is going to sound really strange.
But you can use them in a way, so as long as you split them up,
try your luck with "met-ro-nome", it doesn't always sound that bad.
But creating lyrics,
is about finding a path trough a maze.
So if a word does not fit right,
then find one that will shine some light.
Here is a little example:
*recursive example...*

Here is a short song I made out of the titles and thoughts behind my recent poems,
I must warn you, this is not a masterpiece.
But, this is the first song I sing on my own[1],
next time, I will spend some more time on the lyrics.
I will come up with a melody,
that the lyrics will click with.
And I'll combine the lyrics with the drum in the back,
so that as the big drum hits, the lyric will hit too.
My voice here has no special filtering,
it just has some big-room re-verb, and I sung a tone lower.
I don't have a very good piano here,
the few things I tried sounded miserable, so I ended up using an old synthesizer.
But, I recommend using Piano and Violin,
it would make things sound much nicer.

No Limits
by General Catpea
You don't need to know the theory
you don't need to know which books.
You were born into endless world.
and you are meant to grow.
We are all meant to travel,
to the most distant suns.
Humanity will forever grow,
and the Universe is our friend.
Every one of us is a rare genius,
and we can each reach to no end.
There are no limits to our dream,
we can each reach highest ends.
We must each search for wisdom,
we must never be denied.
 
References
[1]: /audio/trying-to-sing.mp3