I feel I need to learn more about music,
but I also sense that what I am missing are techniques.
These are paths of things in a sequence,
and they will produce interesting results.
These paths are similar to Hyperrealistic portrait stylizations,
they are recipes that work best when done in a sequence.
I would say make hair shine before working on the eyes,
and leave cheekbone highlights for last as they will make the portrait jump out at you.
In music, bass will come first,
but to make it dance-able the song must have very distinct parts.
For example a clean drum part,
where the dancer can focus on footwork in the same rhythm.
To have more information than this,
I need a proper dance floor, and I may never have time for that.

My aim is to help students out of poverty,
and the first thing is probably Digital Paining.
Workout Music Composition, requires practicing dancing,
and getting into the world of beat sequencers and song structure.
Art requires just one thing,
dancing about three three things.
I leave out portrait photography,
as that is such a tiny and fun lecture.
With what I have learned of art right now,
it is better not to use a website or portrait challenges.
That will result in painting a painting that somebody else is painting too,
and can cause a plagiarism accusation, unfortunately.
I will have to ask students to use selfless or family portraits,
but that is still slightly easier than music composition.

I keep looking at my table of 3D printed parts,
and I really want to work on the Superhero Belt to make a class out of that too.
Art took me by surprise,
the entire wall into the world of art didn't just crumble but was illusory.
It emerges out of teachers asking us not to trace,
and tricking us into beveling that drawing slightly crooked things by hand is superior art.
That is a lie, using shape and color reference,
is a superior teacher, and will make a master in less than ten easy to handle paintings.
Again, this is easier than 3D Modeling, and 3D Printing lectures,
so Digital Painting lectures must come first.

Youngest students,
who aren't bothered by the nonsense of needing to draw freehand.
Will have the most amazing time,
they will not need ten paintings to invent their ow style.
In some cases, just looking at the videos,
will have people reinventing the base idea.
I think distorting portraits in GIMP,
and then photobashing in Krita is going to become a popular variation.
I feel like the initial art class,
will bear the name of "Classical Digital Painting"

Though this school is best created by using MediaWiki,
the program behind Wikipedia and then linking to videos and axternal content.
I begun work on the computer program that will host an exerimental version of the school school,
though the idea is no different than Wikipedia, or Wikiversity.
The content, is about easy to access on-ramps,
and complete disregard for a standardized curriculum that cheap schools use.
Here the students learn at their own pace,
and each wikipage enhances their abilities in ways that they did not anticipate.
The content requires many volunteer editors,
or several years of me poking at it in my free time.
But I can already map out lectures on Poetry, Digital Paining, 3D Modeling For Printing,
Electronic Dance Music, Computer Aided Exercise, Shuffle Dancing, Camping and Bicycling.
And somewhat surprisingly Programming,
as of last week I think I finally have an easy on ramp here too.
The mistake I was making earlier is to start with code,
I need to start with boilerplate server applications wrapped in a visual programming language.
That then allow the programming of custom nodes,
that can be used in the visual programming language.
These programs are somewhat similar to NodeRED,
though aim to control a small website, as in hold a focus on practical applications including ecommerce via stripe and the like.
Here the students will be given a cookbook of nodes,
where they could splice their own recipes, and make their code public.
It is a copy and paste introduction,
to expanding programs that are already working.

In my mind all of this far too overwhelming,
both in details and scale to ever get it done...
But this does not stop me form visualizing a MediaWiki,
where all these rapid result lectures can be put together anyway.