You may not realize that the way you have been treated in school,
has been slowly turning you away from knowledge and wisdom.
See, the teachers convinced us all that what they are doing is sharing knowledge,
but it is actually the opposite of knowledge that they are sharing.
Real knowledge comes with real results,
fake knowledge depends on making you feel perpetually inadequate and then squeezes you into desperation just to make you thing you made progress as it pushes you along.

Real knowledge brings Happiness,
it makes you ridiculous with your inventions.
With every cheerfully useless invention,
you learn something priceless, and create an unspeakably beautiful addition to your Portfolio.

As to the fantasy of good grades and good jobs.
You shouldn't be surprised that the people who cram and memorize, do get the best jobs but only by cheating and lying, and manipulating, and by being well connected,
thus, destroying the environments, and the very goodness of that position by creating that toxic environment.
We can all imagine that one perfect job, where creativity is cherished above all,
and they would never hire a liar, because liars are toxic.
And we all need to stop with the fantasies,
those jobs only exist when the company is forming, once they get that $100M venture capitol, only those who perform at maximum will be kept, and only until they burn out.
No, no, no.
It is not cool to live in the office drinking free energy drinks and writing your best code ever.
You need wisdom, balance, knowledge, dignity, Content of Character,
being quirky in a high powered job where the suits don't even speak your language is not cool.
All these people that you think don't get it, have negotiated contracts with expensive lawyers, and guaranteed golden parachutes,
you are still the little guy, no matter how big your code.
As sweet as those memories are,
the job is not the point, our lives are meant to be lived in great dignity and wisdom, with great foresight and onward to creating a body of knowledge that will make lasting contributions to Human Kind.
You have to Think Big,
there is no other way.

If there are temporary exceptions, the exceptions want you to have a real education,
they want you to fight for real knowledge, so that they may love you for helping them grow.
A 4.0 GPA has go nothing to do with those exceptions,
memorization and cramming will prevent you from getting into one of those rare situations, even if you do come across it (most of us won't)

For you High School or maybe Middle School, or even college poses a confusing challenge,
as you detect it is not possible to get an education because everything is too disconnected and you must memorize or you fail classes and destroy your GPA.
But for someone who is comfortable with lying,
pretending to get an education, to get a dream job, is a dream come true.
They actually make that dumb fantasy happen,
but that life is stressful, unstable, and a house of cards.
Lying is like living life in a VR helmet,
they aren't actually there, making that progress, they are still in High School, lying, pretending, still a kid.

Forget the fantasy of getting a good job for getting good grades,
build your own companies, become an entrepreneur, the sooner the better.
It is too unstable,
life it too precious, and there are way too many moody people in your way, not to mention the liars.

And no, graduating from MIT is still part of the same fantasy,
you can't cram, it does not work, it doesn't do anything for your mind, you just end up with debt.
Brand-name colleges are not in the business of restoring authenticity to the world,
they are in the business of staying in business and making people's education look rare and prestigious so that they can stick their foot in some door.

And a full ride scholarship, is never a full ride, they'll still make money of of you,
or you will have to cram double and learn even less to graduate on time before it all expires.
The only way to win,
is not to play.
I know what you are thinking, the Dean, surely the Dean is honest,
the Dean will help you, they will see the goodness of your heart, that is what they are there for...
Surely.
I believe that too, and with tears in my eyes,
that there are people up there that can help all of us, that they moment they see our hearts, they will never betray us.

But we need to,
snap out of it!
Listen up, listen,
the only way - is to built your own way.
Find the right Audio Books,
and begin building your own companies, until you learn how to do it right,
Forget the stupid fantasies,
use them as a way to recognize signs of being misled.
There is no diploma, there is no cake, the lady can't sing,
it is just lies and liars, because they always, albeit temporarily, out compete the good people.

The only way to win is not to play in a game where a liar always has unlimited advantage.

Now listen carefully, eventually,
you will become thirty five years old.
It happens to all of us,
few years before the middle age, we kind of slow down and take a look at ourselves.
It is always an amazing experience,
you get to see that you are more of yourself... you get to witness yourself.
You are almost able to keep extending that measuring stick,
to kind of get an idea of where the heck you are headed, and what regrets may be, and what your elder-self is constantly complains about.
Once the 20s are over,
you enter your age of enlightenment, where you get to synthesize new things out of what you have learned.

We learn best from connecting with great stories of Discovery and Adventure,
and inhering the minds and independence of those heroes.
Is it a big deal to learn for real,
getting to 35 on empty is scary.
It happens to good people too, often very delicate people get mislead by all this complexity, but they catch up very quickly,
being strong and cheerful in a world of lies, still represents a hell of an education.

At 40, it is time to begin polishing our wisdom,
and trying to find the best and most creative way to share.
At 40, we get to a point, where it becomes really meaningful,
to share our knowledge, and create the works that help young people.
Liars end up in the beginning,
they need to start learning from scratch, that is that mad circle.
But those who have taken to learning for real, who have great experiences to distill into wisdom,
begin preparing for the biggest task of their next 40 years, sharing their ever growing body of wisdom.

Not everyone will like your books,
they will appreciate it, but also find it mostly wrong, that is OK.
It is the people who get launched 20 years ahead
by inheriting from your works that matter here.
They are your readers,
and they will find you to be a friend in time, and a part of their extended family.
I can't stress this enough here, they need real knowledge, and an authentic struggle for real knowledge,
they won't be impressed with your cramming for tests to keep a good GPA.

Everything you do from middle school on,
must be strong and authentic, because you will need it later in your life.
You will rely on your Content of Character,
so it must be unshakable.
Remember, each choice you make,
either adds or takes away from you.
All the choices combined to together,
dictate the complete life ahead of you (paraphrasing Renaissance Man) and your content of character (MLK Jr.)
Authenticity,
will always add.
Inauthenticity,
will always replace some important part of you with blank space.
And compromise, compromise never adds anything to goodness,
it can only take from goodness and empower some damn evil (paraphrasing Ayn Rand's John Galt speech).

May all your knowledge shine with the brightest of lights,
may it all add to fuel unseen ideas.
Come your middle age,
may an urge to write your books become unstoppable.
And may all your hard earned wisdom add to make your aches count for even more,
by helping countless others to start, where you left off.