When I was little, I've noticed a couple of big trees on a hill[1] that as far as I knew;
could have been a mountain of some kind.
It was way to far to even think about going there,
but it was nice to look at.
I'd wake up in the morning,
and not having anything better to do, I'd look over yonder.

After quite some time,
when I became older, ten or so.
I realized,
I could just probably just go there.
I prepared a small expedition,
and begun my trek.

Barely did I wonder off,
that I discovered Mice, Bunnies, Deer, and maybe even Wild Boar.
I had my knives with me,
as I was an avid collector.
I brought my Binoculars
and a Russian Monocular to even get a closer look at things, just in case there was interesting trouble.

I had to bring provisions with me,
my drink of choice was Kompot, a tart old man's drink - fruit juice, but it was powerful.
And little sandwiches, and some pierogies,
as grand ma wouldn't let me leave without food - it was an extreme adventure - especially for little person.
I also had bacon bits with me,
they wqere called the skwarki.

The walk took forever,
most of the day it seemed.
I had my first breakfast alone, and lunch though I didn't know the word at the time,
and elevenses - always - and a break at noon, and sipped my kompot.
Often I would stop and sit at the side of the road,
trying to figure out what I am doing with my life, and how am I going to get to America.

Right as I was getting close to what definitely looked like a mountain,
tuned out I was right all those years.
I discovered that there was a river there,
like a castle moat it stood between me and the mountain.
I remember that in desperation, I started walking by the river, in search of a fallen tree or something,
but then ended up madly jumping across a narrow spot - and not unlike a flying squirrel would - landing on my stomach with a thud that kicked up a handful of dust.

On the other end, I discovered that I had to cross a wheat field,
it was pretty scary, cause anything could have been hiding there.
I was told that if a Wild Boar attacked,
I needed to climb a tree, but from where I was standing... the boar would be between me an the tree.
Though I had a pointy stick with me,
as far as first adventures go - you just don't know.

When I made it to the trees,
I immediately named them as Rain Makers, or Deszczowce.
And they quickly became my friends,
and my first Fortress of Solitude.
They kept me dry from rain, provided plenty of sticks for miniature bonfires,
and kept me company in first big thoughts about the world.

It was my original adventure,
the one that showed me that I am unstoppable, I can even jump rivers if necessary.
All my earliest adventures were seriously Mighty,
I started learning English from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, and German from Rosanne on German TV.
And when I saw a person type commands into a Commodore 64 computer, to start a game, I didn't even notice when the game started,
shortly thereafter Informatyka Class teacher accused me of cheating and copying homework - but even my bullies knew I wrote the program myself - that failing grade was my best grade ever.

I have measured the distance to my original adventure with modem tools just now,
and both to and from added up together come to a whopping 2.03 miles, or 3.26 kilometers.
It was very far for me, still is,
with all kinds of adventure gear, lots of food, and a large glass bottle of kompot, all manners of knives, and an angry pointy stick
Every great journey,
stars with that first defiant step forward - and maybe a a bottle of kompot, and some pierogies with skwarkis.
 
References
[1]: https://goo.gl/maps/ycJXAo2fadZa8jju5