People talk about Mr. Sagan,
predicting future[1].
Others like me; want Mr. Vonnegut to return,
and I want Mr. Hitchens, and Sir Robinson, Mr. Bukowski, and Miss Rand to return too... somehow.

Life is too short,
to be this unfair.
But that is not,
the right way to think.
Mr. Sagan reminds us,
that we too have responsibilities.

In the same way that Gaia exits,
where all organisms on earth can be poetically viewed as one.
There also exists a voice, poetically speaking,
it has been called the spirit of our age, the Zeitgeist.
I dare say Mr. Vonnegut would remind us that this is our age now,
not fake teachers, moron charlatans, dipsomaniacs, or childlike dictators.
Gaia and the Zeitgeist are helping us to great poetry,
they are delivering to us what they have once granted to the Greats.

Gaia’s call,
was heard loud and clear by our generations.
But the Zeitgeist is not as serious, I think it has always been in great part,
a treasure chest of very sophisticated humor waiting to be aired.
It is time for a new generation of writers,
to hear the Zeitgeist, to open this magnificent chest of yet unspeakable treasure.

It seems on the day the Congress of United States,
begun researching the fancy UFO/s.
Though not before they tried to save face,
and in the last desperate second invented a new acronym UAP.
UAP which secretly means:
Uneducated Asinine Politicians.

DARPA begun studying the reason why fringe beliefs,
float to the top, so to speak.
Similarly how they floated to the top of class,
by cramming, and tolerating fake education, never asking about the real deal.
And also the reason,
why they will study Twitter, and possibly Electolytes that plants crave.
And never detect, that their doctorates, and paychecks,
are fake, as fake as the education they received in the overpriced schools that made them into no less than a sausage.

This is a gold mine,
this is not a mere event but a phenomenon of some kind.
A wellspring of the snarkiest of snarky snarks,
countless books, and even more countless articles.
And my gosh, I swear to goodness, your works will get published,
so fast that, faster than a UFO can soil a a politician’s legacy.
You know, Vonnegut and Bukowski,
can’t handle this, it would be too beautiful for them.
They would want us to pick up where they left off,
they would want to read your works.
Raw and radiant,
not yet made classy with age, but snarked snarkedy out of your very youth.

The Greatest Minds, would want you, you!
to pen the new snarky adventures of heroines and anti-heroes...
Who today, sadly, to us tragically,
are only known to your heart or soul...
Locked in the Brilliance of your mind,
yet to be writ, in your wit.
 
References
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xG-XUbXg_TU