"The only thing you have to fear is fear it self",
holds true for growing all the way up.
Like the power of endurance,
which just takes a couple of years.
And demand that we gradually increase,
the workout load and complexity.
We have many superpowers,
stored behind some impossible to skip things.
In a word,
only the worthy.
In fact there are superpowers,
we shouldn't just speak of in passing.
Just out of respect for those,
who used them to overcome human cruelty and rise above it.

Helping you understand what that means,
is noble enough to yet again call upon Dr. Frankl.
"We who lived in concentration camps can remember the men who walked through the huts comforting others, giving away their last piece of bread.
They may have been few in number, but they offer sufficient proof that everything can be taken from a man but one thing:
the last of the human freedoms -- to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way."
We can invent Philosophies and even Fantasies as the cases is with religion,
to shield our minds and grant us ten minutes more to no end.
No such thing can be conjured up at the snap of fingers,
like in superhero movies.
Like with endurance workouts,
it is a result of some challenging sum of.
When Dr. Frankl states that Success will ensue,
that also holds true for superpowers, they ensue from the choices we make.
"For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue,
and it only does so as the unintended side-effect of one's personal dedication to a cause greater than oneself
or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself.
Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it."

Such is the case with Genius,
we are not just capable of it, we are pre-disposed for it.
But there is a requirement,
a series of pursuits, that eventually, add to become more than the mere sum the parts.
Genius is born from having explored so many things,
that they create a body of knowledge, that we can apply by subtle analogy, to problems we have never encountered before.

It is important,
that we define our terms at this point.
Genius is not a positive word,
it a a narrow-mined and elitist word, often used to belittle others.
And most commonly, ti has the effect,
of tricking a person into thinking:
"Since I am not a genius,
I will never become as great as that person"
What you are really thinking of when using the word Genius,
is Lover Of Wisdom, or Philo-Sophia, or Philosopher.
Becoming a Philosopher is an important part,
of growing all the way up.
And growing all the way up,
means, becoming a Great Being.
In other words,
the wisest possible you...
That you become,
when you don't let fear stop you from growing up.

The most common fear that we all experience,
is the fear of homelessness and fear of being hungry.
That is what lies at the very bottom,
of the structure that we construct to push ourselves away from it.
In a wiser world this would be the correct thing to do,
though this would be a simple political issue and no Human Being would even need to ponder it much.
Just like almost everyone on earth today,
is born free, and not to slavery.
When the future arrives,
we will not have to worry about hunger and homelessness exactly the same way.

In the imperfect world that we live today,
School, Grades, GPA, Student Loans, including advanced degrees...
Followed by career paths, work health balance, impact of career on family and our mental and physical health,
and finally the issue of living life instead of spending our best years in an office cubicle.
Are incomplete, some have become corrupt,
the idea of pressing a bad grade upon a child easily able to become what most all genius or gifted with the correct training.
Even by handing a child an A,
we are already warping their perception of intelligence.
Presenting the notion of inferior students,
and forcing the student into obedience rather than intellectual independence.
The matter of mental health is the second most important example,
while students are suffering mental health issues due to ineffective education.
Symptoms of which reveal themselves in thinking "drugs are cool", "you got to try this, Dude",
or thinking that to become a man, one needs to get laid.
This notion of getting lucky, is actually a predatory attack[1] on an an emotionally unhealthily person",
a person who would not be in that place, had they been well.
It is not just alcohol that warps a person's mind and render consent invalid,
misfortune, pain, misery, misunderstands are far more unraveling than drugs.
But the question of mental health,
gets even worse as we start growing up.
This structure we built away from hunger and homelessness,
with things that often take advantage of us.
Like student loans, especially as the degree we aim for becomes more advanced,
and jobs that pay as little as they can, never adjust for inflation, and replace us as soon as they can.
Prevents us from easily finding serenity in life,
by means of stress and fear, and even more complex things.
Such us forcing us to make choices to prevent us,
from staying on the road of growing all the way up.
Almost everyone gives up on adventure,
to maximize their performance.
Slowly, and seemingly reasonably we depart,
from our sacred roads of wisdom growing all the way up.
Alas, that is not reasonable,
not only is it your right to become the wisest you.
But also when people fail to reach that state,
the world stops advancing forward.
A humanity that does not advance,
is stuck in a circle of inauthentic politicians, and unhinged dictators.
Today the person who deices whether or not Nuclear War is about to occur,
is clearly a creature whose mind has long unraveled
Today, a person who does not wince a the loss of 30,000 lives,
and some 75,000 injured, decides the fate of the world.
The only way to prevent the repeat of this situation,
some 20 years from now with a dictator next door.
Is to stop being afraid of the things that are preventing us from growing up,
like going hungry for a while or being homeless.
To give an extreme example, of people who are doing just that, and in no uncertain terms,
consider all those currently walking the world's greatest trails from start t o end and book in hand[2].

It is not possible to fully explain the gravity of the necessity of goring all the way up,
and the impact a wiser and more advanced world has on Education, Politics, and The Wold.
But we can look back in history,
to men and women who were just as intelligent as you and I...
But were unaware of Philosophy, Geometry,
or that they can use charcoal from their fire to create hyper-realistic portraits.
They were too stressed out, too caught up in daily matters,
all too obedient to whatever flavor of ruler presided over them.
You don't even have to go back to the ancient times,
juries from just a few decades ago thought they were wise for supporting American Segregation.
It would not occur to majority of them, to stand up to a judge,
in fury, in rage, and dignity an nobility and authenticity.
Just like it does not occur to you, to stand up to a judge today,
and in fury and rage scream that retribution is vile and evil.
And that is even without considering the fact,
that our criminals are just normal human beings who have been made often permanently ill by poverty.
Poverty that we tolerate by not rising to greatness,
that we sustain by never challenging it as a stupid f&cking idea.
In a sentence by doing nothing to prevent the situation where people are fractured by poverty,
we are creating our criminals.
It would be easy to say,
that we are doing so by means of ignorance, or sometimes arrogance.
But actually, it is our global culture,
and the lack of advancement, the lack of us taking the responsibility to face all fear and grow all the way up.
The same exact thing separates Middle Ages from Modern Days,
and we call it culture.
Few monks aside, the culture in middle ages did not include reading books,
or aiming to advance the world, pas the local settlement.

Famous thinkers aside, we both share the same mistake,
the mistake of thinking that we can't be geniuses, or that growing all the way up is optional.
It is a cultural,
mistake.
You were born a Genius,
but you didn't know, because the modern culture makes those people seem genetically superior, and they are not.
Einstein was riding imaginary trains[3],
Hawking spinning backwards[4].
Newtons three laws are child's play[5],
the apple didn't hist his head, he merely wondered what would happen if he kept throwing it farther and farther.
What made those people special was not their inventions,
it was that they chose not to stop but kept going forward on their own path aiming to become their wisest selves.
Each of these three men had difficult lives,
children of today can accomplish far more...
So as long as our culture helps them understand,
that the only fearsome thing there is, is fear of the unknown.
And the fear of the unknown,
is so terrible, because if we don't know to ignore it, or challenge it, we will not grow up.
In which case Humanity will fail to advance,
and will continue repeating the same mistakes in a MAD circle[6].

Our culture is missing an important component,
the tradition of parents asking their children to grow all the way up until they become wise and great beings.
Because of the continued nuclear thereat of uneducated leaders stockpiling world destroying weapons,
we all have grew up under the threat of Mutually Assured Destruction.
In that way,
the houses that we have built are houses of cards.
Rather than pursuit of career and paycheck,
by means of hoop jumping ineffective education.
We must rise to stand in relentless pursuit of greatness,
that is the only way that humanity can advance.
Until then, Humanity will be locked in a circle,
repeating its mistakes.

All it takes is preventing fear,
from interfering with us, growing all the way up.
Don't be scared of the uncertainty,
that comes from continued authentic self education.
Do not tolerate ineffective education,
if you are not learning in school, take to self education.
The modern age gives you the opportunity,
to listen to all the books that you need to continue growing all the way up - it has never been easier.

Do not feed the profiteering gluttons behind college loans,
and actors and celebrity politicians; exactly what they want you to give them.
Do not build a house of cards,
under the threat of Mutually Assured Destruction.
Rise and take to wisdom initializing a culture of growing all the way up in Dignity and Authenticity,
to your family, and the future of younger generations.
Let us advance our culture today,
as there are far too many threats in not too distant future.

This poem begun with "The only thing you have to fear is fear it self",
explaining that authentic wisdom is better than inauthentic education and careers likely to have negative impact on mental health.
Let us end by paraphrasing another president,
"Our problems are human-made, therefore they can be easily solved by humans."
Let us use our predisposition for Wisdom and Greatness to undo our mistakes,
and grant the younger generations, a bright future - without a worry in sight.
 
References
[1]: https://youtu.be/WY_pWZIhrKg?t=162
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPSvdKTEZug
[3]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3ebQK7evbw
[4]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoUVSHDbAeM
[5]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALRdYPMpqQs
[6]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7ljlMS_cLQ