I just completed my first programmed wallet,
and it is simple and great.

Before creating the final version,
I realized, I don’t really want the credit cards to have a whole millimeter clearance.
Even though I should have left it alone,
I set the clearance to half a millimeter.
And I halved the space between the container and the credit card tray,
from .6 millimeter, to .3mm.

This required just a second,
the entire wallet instantly re-calibrated it self for the new dimensions.
But, as it turned out, in my joy of adding vertical tray clearance couple of days ago,
I forgot to do the same for horizontal clearance.
The only way cards can fit,
is when they bow, which is very interesting in it self.

But that isn’t a big deal for this prototype,
because the tray is stuck as .3mm clearance requires some sanding of the tray edges.
Now, this time it is not a mis-calculation,
plastic, especially sharp corners will warp just a tiny bit when printed.
So as I was inserting,
the tray into the container.
And the tray hit the corners of the bottom of the container,
that .3mm clearance was not enough to account for warping of the plastic.
It is stuck in there like no tomorrow,
good thing my card is not inside.

It is a magnificent addition,
for my wall of wallets, and being procedural - a great triumph.

Which brings us,
to the point of this poem.
And here the first and foremost,
is the recognition of the necessity for a point and click system...
Of applying rails to quickly make belt parts fit together,
and that is exactly what Blender’s Geometry Nodes are great for.

So currently the plugin that makes a wallet,
has a generic function that will intrude, or extrude inwards a perfectly calculated hole.
I use this for creating the credit card hole,
and then the container hole that fits the whole credit card tray.
A rail system, or perhaps, a hinge system,
very similar to a door hinge (with a pin) is all it takes to join these compartments together.
Now, his would look boring and bad,
but I already tested the fix for it.
To make the superhero belt interesting,
not everything will be printed as a single piece.
But rather multiple pieces,
that need to be attached by screw.

As far as cosplayers,
and the occasional neighborhood watch vigilante go...
A procedurally generated,
Superhero Belt kit!
Ready for 3D printing,
and an equally fascinating assembly processes.
Is both the Cats Meow,
and the Bee’s Knees.