Nope, we may not finish school, get a job, buy a house, and worry about old age;
My Dear fiends, I forbid you, and you're not even not allowed anyway.

I don't know who came up with thins nonsense,
and I don't know why our parents repeat it - though I have some theories.

You are to figure out what moves you,
and get on with it.

What moves you,
is also what helps you grow.

What moves you,
will make you extremely strong and beautiful.

And it may very well be that it is some kind of a career,
but there will certainly be something better.

Becoming a professional,
and spending the rest of your life as that professional - are very different things.

In deed.

And what is more, my Dear Fiends,
is that you will be making that initial choice under the influence;
of being too young to actually make decisions of that magnitude.

You will surely be beautiful and powerful enough to make it,
but when you enter your early Mighty Middle Age,
you will be even more Beautiful and even more Capable.

What seemed like a Delicious Challenge in your youth,
will no longer challenge you enough.

I am sorry.

But something as simple as a fine direction chosen in early life,
will soon be no longer be enough to do you justice.

Life is living.

It will never be as simple as quitting gym,
and saying "I can't... I have a job now.".

Nope.

Nuh uh.

Now, you need to quit your job,
and start catching up, surpass what you once were, and now build on top of that.

Your undertakings are,
are not to subtract from you.

Our lives come with a limit,
it is a terrible tragedy, and I am very sorry.

But it also makes it that much more important,
that we grow, that we flourish, that we bloom.

That every new day of our life,
adds to the previous.

When all our pursuits are connected meaningfully together in authenticity,
they become an enormous treasure, and a song of ourselves.

Life may look simple from the first step before we start growing up.

But it becomes clear that it is more important to live an Inspired Existence that Adds Unto Us,
at the very least, because of how much we grow, and how much more we become the best of ourselves.

Life is so dear,
it is not a very good idea to follow what someone else expects of us.

You are always growing in complexity,
and the universe around you will unfold as more complex too.

For example, we don't get old,
we grow, we expand, eventually gaining the ability to speak about our experience; and inspire and move crowds.

Growing old is what a brainless fruit does,
we are Philosophers, Poets, Artists,
we are always growing, renewing, living, we don't lose anything - we gain.