I was always pretty much convinced that Shuffle Dancing for an hour almost every day,
is just as good as running a 10K.
Initially I suspected that dancing was actually more powerful,
but I wanted to wait for the middle of summer to test it, with what I call a Cold Turkey 10K.
Cold Turkey means you don't practice jogging beforehand,
just grab some light dumbbells and start jogging, until you reach 10K.

Things I wished I had with me were my bandannas, or bracers as I call them,
I wrap them around my wrists to wipe the sweat from my forehead, so that it does not get into my eyes.
Please note, that if sweat does get into your eyes and does not sting a little,
that could be a sign of an electrolyte imbalance.
Some people emphasize that the body very unwisely gets rid of salt during exercise,
and my doctor recently mentioned that an electrolyte imbalance can kill.
And I mean imbalance,
that means too much salt is just as bad, as too little.

I grabbed my dumbbells and stormed out the door forgetting my woolen socks,
I am not 100% sure that woolen socks prevent blisters.
But they certainly create that perfect shoe,
where the foot is isolated from the shoe by a thick layer of wool.

I didn't check how long I ran, because I was already late to start,
but about 5K, half way through, the sun started going down.
So I finished in the dark, it is probably wise to bring a head lamp,
because socks or no socks the one thing you don't want to do is step into something squishy by the side of the road.
Plus, your visibility and safety greatly improves,
when you start looking like a bouncy bicycle from afar.

I forgot my phone, like this was 1999,
also, I forgot my phone number, though in my defense I never tried to memorize it in the first place.
I forgot to squirt myself with bug replant,
even though nothing bit me, I really regret it, because I love that smell.
And my dumbbells are too clunky, the jog is over two hours long,
so the hands get tired, and it is awesome! to lift the dumbbells over the head, or just move them around in general.
The smaller and more rubbery, and easier to grasp in the palm of your hand,
the better, I just had 7.5 or 10lb in each hand (I have a modular kit, and I am uncertain how much the connecting rod weighs).

I converted my 10K backpack to a Halloween costume last year[1],
so I didn't bring water - I didn't get thirsty - but not bringing water along was not a good idea..
I also don't recommend plain water, but something sugary,
you don't need expensive gels, you need a caffeine-free soft drink.
My doctor says and I quote "Coffee is good for you",
but I don't like the threat of headaches looming over my head.
While I don't discourage people from drinking coffee,
I think it makes endurance exercise more difficult, and I avoid it.
I recently found out that Ginger Soda is caffeine free,
and that is what I wish I had with me.
And I know that everyone always says that,
"You can't outrun a donuts", but that means nothing to me.
Outrunning donuts, or to be more precise Vernors and a Hershey's Cookies and Creme White Chocolate bar,
is why I exercise, I am also trying to outrun all the ones I had before, I started exercising, and it is going great.

I mention all those things to let you know what to keep an out on,
but overall, jogging is meant to be easy, you just need shoes, running shorts, and music on your phone.

It has been about an hour since I arrived,
and I feel nothing but standard tiredness of a workout.
In closing, my finding is that and hour of Shuffle Dancing is equal, if not better than slow 2 hour 10K,
and I base this on my breathing, utter lack of aches or concerns during the jog, and not really feeling challenged by a slow 10K at all (this is a new feeling for me)
I would like to add that I had a bug... um, that swallowed it self, or had it self swallowed,
because I certainly wasn't trying to gulp it with the air; and that is never a concern during my Shuffle Dancing[2].
 
References
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5HW8zop8yM
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Shuffle+Dancing+Tutorial