Wisdom is still our best invention,
and it is the only road to problem prevention.

We have people who refuse to wear a mask
and get angry at those who fulfill that task.
Others say un-vaccinated shouldn't get a place at a hospital,
but both are losing their minds little by little.
They are like this because of the culture they were raised in,
lack of wisdom is how all these troubles begin.

Politicians, leaders, principals, teachers, parent are all at fault,
without wisdom the world will run in circles without result.

There are multiple plans in place across the world,
but things won't work even if everyone does what they are told.
Because there is scarcely a leader that has become wise,
as greatness is still a rare prize.
The only thing that will help humanity grow,
is wisdom, and we have learned this long ago.

If problems are not prevented,
then liars will destroy everything precious we invented.
Corrupting education is the oldest trick invented by naves,
it is how people are tricked into becoming slaves.
A corrupt education is one that only makes us think we learn and know,
but at its core it is just for the show.

Fake education is a powerful theatrical game,
even knowing this people will still go for it all the same.
Today school is about pretending to learn by just memorizing for tests,
and as a side effect to line pockets of all the liars and pests.
Who could ever think pixel art can make a family safe and unafraid,
or that drawing portraits of celebrities will get the bills paid.
The act of creation,
is the only worthwhile foundation.
It does not aim to fill a student's mind,
but lights their flame to Nobly help the Humankind.

Life without wisdom doesn't work, you know,
it only tricks us to think slow.
It always comes as a surprise,
to find an adult willing to admit they are not yet wise.
But that is exactly what fake education will do,
it will steal from you.
It will take all the wisdom and leave us fighting,
at a time when we should be uniting.

Everything that surrounds us is misunderstood and messing with our heads.
it is not just masks and hospital beds.
Every argument where both sides are wrong,
prevents Humanity from growing strong.
There are so many misunderstandings that most arguments simply waste life,
without wisdom we will only ague about meaningless misery and strife.

Instead of disagreement Humanity must ask what is the next thing we can fix,
otherwise we'll waste our minds on broken politics.

We should be very angry that we accepted neutered education that bans books,
and merely feeds checks to all the pretenders and crooks.
In a century that we knew had a pandemic coming,
educating children to deal with it was the real force of overcoming.
And instead of having them fight in all the wars ahead,
we have to teach children peace and wisdom instead.

Broken schools,
can only manufacture sharp tools.
This is the greatest tragedy Humanity has seen,
and the only way out of it is wisdom and intellectual hygiene.
We have to leave all the bad ideas behind,
because we can't see the future when we are divided and blind.

This is heaven, right here right now,
and every one of us must to make the future better somehow.
Now is when we leave our mark,
while we still own that precious spark.
...in our books, poems, and especially portraits and pixel art,
because self education is the only way to become wise and smart.

When you argue politics and misidentify basic hopes and dreams calling everything a system,
that only means someone stole your wisdom.
Only a fools can hope to live in poverty and keep the world starving too,
we need to start thinking things though.
Our highest political hopes are nowhere close to prevent children being born poor,
that is how sick our delusions of grandeur.

We are at the lowest levels of our development and wisdom,
Science is the only functional system.
Borders, religions, prisons, forced poverty, and turning young people into tools,
is exactly why we need real education and schools.

What marks a real school is that it induces a culture of wisdom and class,
that is the real test that students must pass.

Class is an important component of wisdom and greatness,
and that is what self education helps the students witness.
Once they taste their first art show,
they will learn something they didn't know.
They will learn that with authenticity they are capable of great height,
and that all along, it has been their right.
Something as silly as screenfulls of pixel art or interesting computer code,
will help them think in a higher mode.
They will see themselves as creators and part of the future of Humankind,
and rather than overwork they will take to improving their mind.
Standardized education only forces students to memorize and pretend to know,
is just dog and pony show.
We can't tolerate the theft of wisdom and a chance at becoming great,
the schools in their greed are teaching students not to invent and create.

The class and culture that the students should adopt,
must neither be warped nor stopped.
It is their wisdom, dignity, and their brilliance,
the very thing behind their resilience.
A school that does not ignite the culture of greatness,
is fake and it dims the worlds brightness.
We can all agree that life dear,
therefore we must encourage students to wisdom prior to a career.
We are the opposite of machines and tools,
may you be part of the movement that builds real schools.