We fixed it all,
in our brilliance we made the necessary leaps forward.
But,
it was a slow and rough start.

We forgot about our brothers and sisters in the poorer nations,
children in the streets, people without homes.
Poverty was creating addicts and criminals stressed out of their minds,
into making choices that they would not have made, had they had a fair start.

Humanity needed to pull it self together,
it needed an International Bank that only concerned it self with a daily spending limit of $100 US dollars.
Not only did the poverty choke the wealthy nations pushing them into uneducation and lack of compassion,
but it caused unimaginable cruelty in the less fortunate nations.
The bank, as an international institution, begun serving all people, of all nations,
everyone understood the symbol on the card - everyone knew - the change was permanent.

It all started at the turn of the century when Earth felt like a prison planet,
people tolerated corruption, poverty, human rights abuses, and they didn't know prisons were bad.
People tolerated human suffering,
because they too suffered, most commonly poverty, fear.

One of the philosophers later described the state affairs by comparing Humanity to an addict,
we were addicted out of poverty, to working so hard that our minds rejected our own brilliance.
Humanity was in the process of destroying its body, Earth,
like an addict destroys theirs.

At first no one imagined that lack of education is a spectrum disorder,
they would laugh, and see the very gateway to peace as yet another wall.

Political corruption has remained the same for hundreds of years,
there was only one modern rule: Don’t Get Caught.
This was not just about sticky fingers,
but also remaining under the radar and doing as little as possible.

There was another arm of corruption that was rarely talked about,
and that is the deliberate destruction of life by exploiting loopholes.
The same as criminal hackers did to computers,
cunning politicians did in revenge against their enemies.
Illegal imprisonment, prison beatings, character assassinations,
and raids by advanced tactical squads were not unheard of.
The chilling effect of seeing your wife bound,
and little dogs shot, worked to crush spirits, all too well.

But corruption evolved for a simpler world,
a world with plenty of space to hide, and plenty of time to clean up and retire.
In large part due to corruption,
the space in which liars thrived was erased.
Malaria became the latest pandemic as it made it way even to Northern US,
the viruses from turn of the century continued mutating, and ecosystem collapse brought the world to a stand still.
Just as soon as populated areas saw the disappearance of insects,
everyone realized that we needed instant change, or we would disappear too.

There were no riots, no protests,
but not a single liar ran for office for all the stories that filled the news.
A new amendment is in the works, it requires that only well educated are allowed to run for the office,
it is worded by the people who saw the death of insects.
The prison planet scenario as it has been called,
was only sustained by corruption.
The actual prison industry collapsed, along with several others,
as the “Don’t Get Caught · Do As Little As Possible” resigned from the office.
The silent invisible corruption was discovered to be such a blight,
as to be impossible to sustain with force past the end of the century.
Part of the Uneducation Spectrum Disorder barrier meant to keep corruption out of the office,
was a long runway in which a political hopeful had to convince people of high achievement.
Admired Scientists and accomplished Philosophers were finally able to run,
the capitol gained hundreds of sculptures of renowned scientists.

Privacy was declared a human right,
a law against obscured or encrypted code that meant to prevent consumers from fully examining their devices was passed.
The criminal cyber underworld was decades ahead of everybody else,
it was the underground criminals that benefited from privacy violations the most.

The most significant change,
was universal income.
It took no effort,
and for ages the bank used a single computer.
The Universal Income card grants each human being about 3.5 million dollars,
it does not track this number, it only makes sure that no one can withdraw $100 in a 24 period.
The economists predicted the end of the world,
the corrupt governments their own collapse.
But nothing happened.
A person requests a card,
and it is sent to them no mater where they are int he world.
At midnight in each timezone the account balance is set to $100 United States dollars,
It is the same for all accounts no matter how much was spent.
Poverty was a kind of slavery,
it hurt the minds of the people that suffered it.
It prevented people from getting a real education,
it prevented them from becoming the best versions of themselves.
Poverty secretly corrupted the world creating a prison planet of wage slavery and corruption,
we will never know what might have been had we been able to end poverty decades before.

Afterword.
You are meant to become a great being,
and a lover of thousands of the world most beloved books.
To live without the wisdom committed to our books,
is to live the life of a slave.
A wage slave who cannot help,
but to become a slaver for the next generation.
The cycle of poverty, abuse, captivity, and corruption must end,
do not wait for climate change to reveal the naked emperors.
In their blindness and sickness of greed and un-education all they will ever be able to say is:
“How were we supposed to know?” and they can only ever speak those words in a bone chilling tone that will reveal that not only were they naked on the outside but hollow... on the inside.
Encourage your friends and family to real education,
help them to the library, introduce them to books by helping them checkout the most beautifully narrated biographies that change lives.