Conscious life is a magnificent accident on such an impossibly large scale,
that it becomes the single most important miracle in the universe.

You, I, all the other Earthlings,
and all the other conscious life out there: we are the meaning of this universe.

We are all connected with this incredible feat of emergence; Consciousness,
it does not matter where we come from or how we look - if we can see ourselves - we are Family.

Our minds were crafted by an adaptive process,
that step by step, improved on the previous.

The steps were not aimed at anything in particular,
and are far from perfect.

But consciousness is something different,
it is not random, it is not a function of mere adaptive mechanics of accidents, and fundamental principles.

Consciousness allows us to deliberately and in foresight, cross the line between mere evolution,
onward into Freedom of Will, Love Of Life, and Power of Knowledge, and Light Of Wisdom; and Love, Good Will, and Lasting Peace brought on by Greatness of Vision, Heart and Spirit.

But.

We must deliberately aim to push away the flaws that the meanderings of nature instilled in us,
by the countless accidents of the process of our initial emergence as conscious beings.

If we don't detach,
our minds will be held back by racism, xenophobia, nationalism, group-think, fear, hate, and blindness.

We will point Nuclear Weapons at each other,
and list the flags of our enemies as if it was a checklist for advancement.

What may seem like a soap opera news program to the educated,
can be perceived as reality and opportunity to the poor, starving or disadvantaged, who did not know to seek real education.

We have introduced a device of deliberate advancement for all Human Beings,
that device was supposed to pull us towards a Wiser State of Existence.

But its aim was lost, it was an experiment that has never fully reached its goal,
and ended up being used by the poor, as means to put food on the table.

That noble experiment.
was organized education.

Today it may cost as much as a million dollars or more and in unforgivable student loans,
to become a medical expert.

Don't bother trying to understand why schools failed, there is no time,
simply accept the responsibility for your own education, and begin immediately.

There are many flaws in our perception,
the biggest one is our tendency to follow leaders.

But the act of following, is an act of destruction,
we are each to lead, we are never to follow, ever.

Self education by means of reading or listening to books held in high esteem by the world's most prominent intellectuals,
paves the road towards a balanced and enlightened view of the world, and the view of our place in it.

Lead,
we have followed before, and came all-too-close to the end..

All the people that hate, that want to cause harm, are just ill from lack of growing up, from lack of education,
from standing in-place, without ever knowing to reach for books, for wisdom, and for greatness.

When we stand in the place that we are born into,
we come under the control of the flaws, that consciousness, easily allows us to escape.

You must withstand the culture you are born into, the neighborhood you are born into,
the poverty you are born into, be it of mind, or wallet, or both.

You must resist the urge of belonging, cheaply and effortlessly,
as that is the oldest recruitment mechanism to make a slave - to turn a young person, old and bitter.

This power must not end with you,
you have to ignite all the others that you meet in your great adventures.

So that the importance of fine and balanced self education,
rings around the world.

Not until we are all abloom with Knowledge and Wisdom,
will we have time to take to our careers, and retirement, and enjoyment of our golden age.

The un-educated world,
is not a safe place for all.

We need real education,
the borders must go.

Become an inspiration,
may your poetry,
never be forgotten.


[push away the flaws that the meanderings of nature instilled in us]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cognitive_biases
[Lead]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljqra3BcqWM
[we have followed before, and came all-too-close to the end.]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7EmLf4Xlq0