We must repair schools,
and finally put an end to ideas like listen and repeat and short term memorization.

The first and foremost is the elimination of grades,
which also means elimination of standardized testing.

There cannot be such a thing as a Standard Human,
with a standard mind, it is very foolish to think that.

The second is the division of subjects,
and that is no different than browsing the World Encyclopedia.

Eventually, people who arrive at Gene Editing,
will choose their own path through Biology.

Eventually, those who take to building Software,
will create a path through languages and concepts that fit them best.

Same for every other subject...

Mathematics can be studied from an enormous number of starting points,
from Color Theories, and Music and Sound Processing,
to 3D Printing, Game and Game Engine Design, Astrobiology, Cryptanalysis and Combinatorial Genomics,
it is not presented as an aim, but rather a small stepping stone in a familiar context, and thus much more easily mastered.

Once a student displays a long term curiosity for a subject,
they will choose to be tested and choose to follow industry standards,
they will also choose an evolving test program to which they themselves may contribute.

As a whole, that creates their own Study Curriculum,
Curriculum Vitae, Resume and Job Posting.

The student moves at their own pace,
leaving an open trail that can be reviewed by prospective employers,
teachers, fellow researchers, and employers willing to pay for their study.

Certain paths can carry a Bounty, or Monetary Tips, Recurring Monetary Encouragement,
and above all creates a point into which the Government, City or Community, can invest.

This is an Open School where anybody can come,
where anybody can begin excelling at a subject that they are interested in.

Many may start with traditional subjects like Mathematics,
but here mathematics is presented with connecting points to various industries, and scholarships.

The software program behind this system will be kept purposefully simple and open,
it is after-all very similar to World Encyclopedia with a Blockchain for purposes of Scholarships and Path Funding.

The software will discourage disconnected clusters in hopes of bringing Humanity together to a single Truth we can all agree on,
as this an important requirement for dealing with Elimination of Poverty, Improvement of Education, Repair of Climate, and Prevention of Mass Incarceration.

Let us hope that this school will quickly become a Point of Cultural Convergence on Wisdom and Good Ideas,
a place for sharing Study Paths, Preservation of Knowledge, and a Fine Exit from Poverty by Means of Self Education and Pursuit of Excellence.

The Nations that Choose to Invest in This School to Help with Scholarship Programs,
will be investing in nothing less than the very Future of Human Kind.

One Family,
United In Wisdom.