There isn't really much to explain on the subject,
division feeds inequality.
And, f you live in a major city,
then there is a nuclear warhead painted at it.
There is no recovery from a nuclear strike,
it overwhelms everything, and poisons everything else.
So as long as humanity is divided,
this type of sick behavior will never change.
We will be forever sending troops,
over to parts of the world that fluctuate in decay.
Division, like poverty,
is an anomaly, an error, a noose wrapped around humanity's head.
The way to stop war, it to prevent it,
by spending decades building real schools that offer real education and safety.
There cannot be such a thing as an enemy combatant,
if we all belong to the same nation.

My Granda, the one that explained to me that "war, is what men do",
used to say nie ma tego złego, co by na dobre nie wyszło[1].
In English there is a similar adage that goes:
every cloud has a silver lining.
That massive toxic cloud of poverty that hangs over humanity,
can be converted to good because, destroying that poverty creates great energy.

Will you be the one?
because all it takes is Dream, and Vision, and Courage, and it does not cost a cent.
All you do, is design the worlds most beautiful, most artistic, and most intricate passport,
give a digital copy to everyone, and sell the paper version for a few dollars.
In the back pocket of the passport,
will be a credit card, linked to an empty account, in a bank of your won making.
For the sake of protecting privacy,
it shouldn't have a unique number, all cards just link to the same account.
And a flag,
probably a pale blue circle that symbolizes unity of people of earth, and its future colonies.
The name is a tough decision,
the Nation of Earth, or Earth for short, is plain and simple.
Unites States Of The Word, is another option,
as well as the the World Union, or just The Union.
I like the name The Human Family,
but I am not sure if that is a good country name.

Let people swipe that card,
let "INSUFFICIENT FUNDS" blink.
With every swipe of your card,
the Noble Human doing the swiping will understand that poverty is an error, that it shouldn't exist.
That that bank account is special,
and should never run dry.
Not for a programmer boy in Rwanda,
not for a dancer girl in Moscow.
It must not run dry not for a mother, or for a father,
or for a no good son, or the black sheep of the family.
Not for a former convict,
not for a current prisoner hoping to have noodles for dinner.
Ad especially not for a man who was about to commit a crime,
but gave it one more swipe with a deafening yelp... and... it... worked..., the card must work for him too.
For every human being on Plant Earth,
it just works.

Although no border will recognize your beautiful passport,
many travelers will hand in The World Union passport first.
And when the border officials say "We do not recognize The Union at this border",
many will replay "Fair is fair, as The Union does not recognize your border".

And of course you will need to pen, A Constitution,
you already have The Universal Declaration Of Human Rights to bring you hope and strength.
But you must also emphasize Real Education,
education that provides real results.
Just like the borders,
uneducation has been tearing the world apart.

In the global state of uneducation,
people do not understand that Police and Brutality are words on the opposite ends.
Police brutality, is a crime against humanity,
a brutal police force is just a gang of thugs, it is no longer a force of goodness.
Tolerance or blindness towards a betrayal as evil as Police Brutality,
will destroy all good will, erase it completely.
Police brutality is an oxymoron,
and the wold can't see that without real education.
Real education does not test how good a person is at mathematics,
it simply asks questions such as "Should police brutality be tolerated?".
Those who respond in affirmative, have not yet learned enough to pass on to the next grade,
and need help with finding better books, and more love towards our kind.

There are many anomalies, weapons manufacturing, mutually assured destruction,
climate denial, vaccine hesitancy.
These anomalies hold Humanity back,
they hold us in dark ages.

You won't know how powerful your passport is,
until you yourself hold it in your hand.
Until people everywhere start ordering it,
and start swiping your card so often that computer networks will crawl under the strain.
As terrible as it sounds today,
"INSUFFICIENT FUNDS", will slowly transform into a message of hope.
Every swipe,
representing a new person's understanding of the error of poverty.
Every swipe casting a vote for a bank,
that does not keep track of numbers, just hands out the money that the person requests out of the collective Genius, Love, and Foresight of Human Kind.
May your hopes and dreams,
works and adventures help Humanity grow, and may your name be honored for eternity.
Nie ma tego złego, co by na dobre nie wyszło,
every cloud has a silver lining.
 
References
[1]: https://pl.wiktionary.org/wiki/nie_ma_tego_z%C5%82ego,_co_by_na_dobre_nie_wysz%C5%82o