All it took was real education,
and a single glance at mass incarceration.
Politicians were misled, not just lying,
they were unable to process that people were dying.
A group of nerds got together and started coding,
presidents started calling before the program was even loading.
There were many nations interested in the system,
they all suffered a dying ecosystem.
There was no trick to the program,
and everything had a diagram.
The rules were simple at first,
they created a real outburst.
They helped people understand the sanctity of life,
they cut through dark ages like a knife.
Once it was declared that a human is sacred,
the system forbade all variations of hatred.
Once it completed the configuration,
and printing out of the declaration.
People in prisons were transferred to hospitals that cared,
and communities where they could learn, move on, and stop being scared.
The computer did not have all the answers at first,
and it needed voters, and ones that could not be coerced.
It didn't know what a school really was,
but it could test if the voters knew the laws.
It used groups of random educated voters as a thinking module,
the nerds thought that was really ^cool^.
It worked for the smaller nations and it got them going,
people grew stronger and it was showing.
The larger nations that first laughed the program out,
couldn't wrap their minds around it and couldn't figure anything out.
Well it turned out that the leading politicians didn't have a plan,
they couldn't fix anything, they only lied they can.
Once the schools stopped teaching and forced the students to start pretending,
it didn't even matter whether or not anybody was attending.
But the computer program solved all that,
by first asking the voters where the problems were at.
And then break everything down into job and sub-jobs, and sub-sub-jobs that first needed to get done,
and it would make a million voters work as one.
The first thing people wanted was real education,
so the computer asked the entire nation:
"Hello, please vote on the definition of real education."
People decided it was "Knowledge, Wisdom, and Greatness.",
and all it took was a single button press.
Few more questions and people decided grades were useless,
as each classroom should learn to operate a business.
And so it was, becoming a particular businessperson dictated the area of study,
the lectures were never confusing or muddy.
Students were driven out of poverty with their own education,
that turned out to be all that was required to pull a nation out of stagnation.
An then the politicians finally figured out the part that was really tricky,
the part that made their hands all sticky[1].
The program eliminated the need for representatives of all kinds,
because it directly spoke to the educated voters' minds.
So what was confusing them about these new conditions,
is that the program eliminated the need for the politicians.
 
References
[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_American_state_and_local_politicians_convicted_of_crimes