Books and Audio Books,
are as important to us as food.

But many of us can't get into them,
and there is a reason why.

Many lives are lived at a speed,
that makes books hard to follow and understand.

We lead busy lives,
and majority of our time is spent in haste.

Haste brings us relief from,
anxieties and confusing questions.

Part of the reason why haste,
brings us relief.

Is that there is less time,
to be bothered with things we don't understand.

This is the reason why many people, come their golden age,
feel, that life was a lot shorter than they expected.

In a word, haste blocks us,
from experiencing our lives in full.

Books hold all the answers that will address anxiety and confusion,
but they require that the person exists the state of haste to understand them.

As we read, comprehend, and inherit more and more,
we'll hold enough answers to learn to live without the need for haste.

To slam the breaks,
we need a change of scenery.

Section hiking Appalachian, of the Pacific Crest Trail,
comes highly recommended by many great beings.

But any kind of long adventure,
where you have to go to sleep come sundown, will do.

Even before you decide where you are headed,
even before you get your backpack out.

You will be able to see,
how easy it will be to absorb your audio books as you walk through the woods.

Both your body and your mind,
will begin transforming.

What was once "just moss",
will not become a precious sunlit dew world.

Fern will now paint the world around you, perfectly hiding beautiful secret springs,
little furry creatures, damn angry bears, and other woodland treasures.

At twilight you will have to go to sleep,
you'll awaken full of energy just before sunrise.

The scent of a green morning,
the sound of nature.

And then the books will start calling you,
maybe it will be "A Walk In The Woods" by Bill Bryson.

Or it could be "The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark".
by Carl Sagan, or "The Partly Cloudy Patriot" read in Sarah Vowell's amazing voice.

It will be nice, and relaxing,
it will be impossible to put down.

And then,
something you didn't expect will happen.

See, whatever your next big step in your life,
that internal transformation that your soul is ready to leap to...

It has already been described,
with Love and Passion in a book somewhere.

Within the first ten books you are bound to find,
the first one that deeply will move you.

It will connect with you, extend you,
integrate with you, help you leap forward in your development.

Within days you won't even be able to remember,
what came from the book and what was already in you.

It will change everything,
it will restore you completely.

And so your search for the next life-chaining book,
and the next adventure, will begin.


[highly recommended]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPSvdKTEZug