"The World does not have borders, and it belongs to Its Children,
so that they may share in Peace, Love, and Prosperity" -- From the opening chapter of The Protocols.

When a child takes a mechanical watch apart to see what is inside,
they will never be able to put it back together.
Not with new deals, new policies, new laws, more prisons,
or college tests that require a purchase, in a paid for class that forced the children to buy overpriced books.
To adults who read this,
the children, are watching you, the same way you watched you parents.

There was a breakthrough in Conbinatorial Genomics,
we found the "language", though I wouldn't call it that.
They used statistics, sure as hell, woudn't call it AI,
to tap into the cumulative adaptive systems.
The idea of putting emails into chromosomes to sign the first heavily engineered cell,
or if you like, artificial life, was so crude, it basically became the new cold fusion announcement fiasco.
It was the other way around, we needed a statistical approach to interface with cellular life,
everyone's attention turned to Combinatorial Genomics, we cured everything.
But this is not a story about how we are about to cure aging,
this is a story about our Psychology.

There is no one person in the world that understood all of it completely,
but there was a group, that did put it together.
Friends that admire each other, think like a one enormous unstoppable great mind,
they didn't write to the UN, they didn't write to Presitents, they wrote to the Citizens of The World.
They created "The Protocols", it gives me a headache just saying it,
The Protocols are the foundation of the modern society.
Without The Protocols, we'd have immortal dictators,
and a whole lot of evil.
I share this story, because the thought that started it all,
somehow got lost in history, it is important to remember, so that we don't repeat the same mistakes.

Back in 2020 when otherwise hardworking people got sick,
they would lose all their savings to pay medical bills.
They would have to undo years of mortgage payments,
and the outcomes were never guaranteed.
Some families split up on purpose just to protect the home,
and let the bills end, when the end came.
People would work so hard,
that their very neurology would permanently alter.
People were using anti-depressants to medicate away overwork,
just to survive.

Each of the girls had their own experiences in this area,
this wasn't a subject they would talk about.
But together thy just knew, they knew, the way young people know,
that an end has come.
They created a model, they called it The Drake Equation for Human Development,
and they wrote.
They wrote stories, scalding, so angry, powerful, brilliant,
that the internet noticed people were leaving their jobs, their papers were changing peoples live for better.
Then they shared a set of protocols for the advancement of human kind,
signed with little more than their initials.

2020 is not a good time to describe the content of The Protocols,
that is how powerful they are, that is how deep in trouble the world was.

The single most powerful and destructive force in the world, are the misguided,
who have taken to positions of authority.
The only thing that lying politicians can lead to, is a breaking point,
Lying, pretending, fake-it-until-you-make-it, or even hoping, does not belong in world politics - The Authenticity Directive.
They call for immediate unmixing of fantasy from reality,
fact from opinion, and prevention of propagating false beliefs, the solution was termed as Real Education, and relied on free, open access, well narrated Audio Books, in all the world's languages.
They ask the young, to plan for illness, to add that into the price of their home, future, and effort,
and to note that it will cost them more, the more they have - Especially Psychologically - presenting Universal Income as a potential solution.
Free Health care was just one small issue, there were many more pressing matters,
like the damage poverty did to a person's body, brain and neurology, psychology; and above all family.
And, prisons - what have we done - it is true that we are risen apes and not fallen angels,
but enough is enough, it must end now, Human Beings get sick from cages - prisons only make people worse.

Personal Note,
I grew up watching Rambo and Commando, and Chuck Norris, and my beloved Mr. T,
something happened, and they all changed somehow, and I think it was due to a letter.
I think a mother lost her boy, and she sent them all a letter saying,
"I lost my boy, because he wanted to be like you".
I maybe imagining this, but we can all believe in a work similar to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights[1],
it will be numbered paragraphs, and nobody will ever need to memorize it, or read it in one go.
It will take time, but the numbers will go really well together with Growing Up,
by the time the future generations hit 7, and 9, they will have absolutely understood the first few things that make a Human Noble.

Time never stands still, we must not allow ourselves to be the propagators of history's mistakes,
pointing Nuclear Weapons at each other, is the way of our fathers, it is not our way, the practice must end with their passing.
Those of us who are born questioning our elders, all too often have their lives end in tragedy,
it has been like this for hundreds of thousands of years, and it has made us susceptible to indoctrination.
Time has come to select for other traits,
so that the future of human kind does not submit, to the mistakes of its elders.
We must learn to recognize wisdom from elaborate lies that are only meant to bring selfish comfort to sick old men,
those who are born to a world with the internet, have more information, than the elders that will try to warp their minds.
May The Protocols become exactly the fury that the world has always feared of,
and bring the much needed Enlightenment to the human kind.
The World,
Will Grow.
 
References
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Universal+Declaration+of+Human+Rights