There are tipping points in your intellectual development,
where you go from careful observation to certainty of knowing.
You build one thing on top of the other,
it becomes your Temple of Knowledge.
If you are correct about it all,
then the more you add the more you understand.

To learn for real,
we need fascination.
And we need freedom to move between curiosities,
and there are no divisions of subjects here.
We may learn numbers from calculating how many potential exoplanets our radio signals reached,
or we may trade mathematical notation for computer programming-languages where we can bring numbers to life.
Then quickly leap to Astrophotography, and learn about Biology from books written by Astrobiologists,
Enlightenment is not just about what we target precisely, but also what we learn along the way.

Enlightenment is Life, it is going round and round, and higher and higher,
through all these tiny twisty passages of Curiosity and Fascination to Discover more and more Light.
There is no need to divide Enlightenment from Wisdom and Knowledge,
but we must make a strong division between Real Education that brings results,
and Fake Education that makes you unhappy, exhausted, stressed.
Because unhappiness, exhaustion and stress,
will stop you from growing up, from becoming wise and enlightened,
from becoming an inspiration and helping the world grow a little.

It is a scary thing to aim away from everything we've been taught to want,
but you are you and not what someone tells you to be
...and you are supposed to be much more courageous than merely taking your own path in life,
we can't live like quiet little mice just to be nice.
We have too much imagination, too much passion and inspiration, foresight insight and vision,
we are not to live ordinary lives.

We are Thinking Humans!
We are to live Lives of Inspired Enlightenment.
Because that's what furthers Human Kind the most,
because that is part of what is best within us.
Human Kind must grow in Wisdom and Enlightenment,
each of us is more than capable of becoming a Great Being.
When we grow the Wold Grows With Us,
let us make this world a better place for us all.