We have this silly flaw of believing most things,
and this really small curse of underestimating ourselves - I don't know why - but here is how to get rid of both.
Above all, All Human Beings are Infinite, and Mighty,
and a lot smarter than they will ever know.
Infinity, means that only liars fall to pieces,
healthy humans that follow their curiosity have no reason to fall apart, they love life.
So as long as we are authentic, we are mighty,
who could possibly lose their strength in the middle of their beautiful journey.
And the reason why many people are easily tricked into thinking they are not smart,
is because they've been taught falsehoods, or things were kept from them; or warped for them;
Plus, even when a person isn't mislead, they may imagine smarts, intelligence, intellect, brains,
as an object that one must carry around and have ready at all times, they forget there is this thing called learning.
To make things simple, I would redefine intelligence,
as ability to learn things that we want to know.
We learn about things that we are passionate about so quickly,
that it almost doesn't matter what we know.

The silly flaw is that we accept almost everything, without question,
it is probably how liars get around, it certainly is the road that cults travel.
The first thing that we should learn in Science Class is:
"Question Everything".
It is just two words, a wisdom reduced to perfection,
by scientific minds.
And I know that there are real profe4ssors out there that make questioning into homework,
and ask the students to make a short list of all the things they questioned - and just entertain themselves.
And there is always that student, that picks one of the big religions, and goes,
"If an international business can be build on foundation of fantasy, war, and torture... Why should we take smaller organizations like this school for granted."
...And the professor, walks up to her, bows,
and hands her... a freaking... brand new iPad.
Or something.

But you get the point, our flaw is fixed by two words,
Question Everything.
Question grades, poverty, and wars,
question politicians.
And while you're at it, ask yourself,
if there is anything other than war, weapons, and disease that has ever enriched a nation.
That is an important question for this century,
this century will be the beginning of us rebuilding how a Human Life should be lived.
Even-companies that profit from violating peoples privacy, even! if the users have signed it away,
will get it, this kind of feeding on unsuspecting users that just want to share some photos, will unravel even the biggest companies.
Stuff like weapons manufacturing, even if they proclaim to have merely followed orders,
will all come undone.
We are just learning more,
people are growing up more informed.
All the political pretenders and lairs,
the multi-faced leaders are exposed, they count on noise and ignorance - but that only exists in their own heads.

And then there is the small curse,
which is that we are somehow cursed to underestimate ourselves.
No one ever feels as smart as they really are,
as beautiful as they truly are.
Here the solution is somewhat more complex,
though still has a two word "thing".
And the two words that you have to remember are:
Beautiful Opposite.
Because we have to find the beautiful opposite,
of what we suspect is this terrible thing that we have, and can't ever fix, and everybody else can, but we can't, ever, whatever... is.
And this is tough, because for example, if someone swears they are ugly,
not only do they have to identify that this them underestimating themselves, but they have to do the Beautiful Opposite.

It is all different for all,
if a heavy person feels ugly, then they have to realize they have lived for decades while wearing a Weight Vest, something that bodybuilders can only dream of.
Meaning, that when they finally find their beauty and slow down with exercise,
they will also be very muscular.
And more importantly, not do they become beautiful bodybuilders,
but also add 50 years to their life, if not more.
And they will have a natural instinct to walk the Appalachian Trail[1],
something that people who aren't overweight have to really work on.
Some may become adventurers that prefer smaller trails, with more curiosities on them,
others may take to ripping all their kitchen appliances out with great fanfare and triumph, and start dancing to hip-hop, maybe.

Question Everything, and Beautiful Opposite,
are the cure for our troubles.
In my experience Question Everything sends us drifting towards Beautifully Narrated Books,
and Beautiful Opposite, actually sends us on adventures.
So in this way, this Flaw of Indoctrination, and Curse of Underestimation,
is a kind of a launchpad, for greater things.
So as long as we remember those four words,
we are neither flawed, nor cursed.
And what is more, we are well on our way towards great adventures,
and the constant transcendence of our limits onward to becoming Great Beings.
 
References
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPSvdKTEZug