Without your writings poetry will die,
you are a poet, and that is not a lie,
You don't create to fit a poem or a chapter, or a flap of wings,
your creation comes first and actually redefines those things.
Your treasures are not defined by what fits some particular box,
but how you create and share new and original building blocks.
Completing other people's thoughts, unraveling their delusions,
and maybe even preventing the spread of illusions.
A book means nothing if written by a robot that can't feel,
the Human is the foremost, that's what makes the poem it real.
It is time for you to begin to write,
every day, one sentence, by twilight.

You can write on your hand with a pen,
but you will want a journal to save it every now and then.
You are already a poet right now,
you don't need to know how.
It was in you all along,
and it is lifelong.
All you need to do to write,
is to chain the words that fit right.
Keep it as short as you can,
that's the best plan.
Stanza by stanza it will all add,
and you'll have your first poem in your notepad.

Rhyming is actually quite ordinary,
just need a rhyming dictionary[1].
Your wisdom is the big deal,
growing wiser is the poetry's appeal.
One of the people you write to,
is the elder you.
Every one of your rhyming lines,
eventually create lifelines.
As you grow wiser and stronger,
your poems will become longer.
But it is best that you start right now,
let your dreams show you how.

Poetry is the real jewelry and ink;
it helps you think.
It helps your grow,
it helps your remember all the things that you know.
Every poem you write,
will eventually become someones light.
It is the thoughts that you think you don't need to write down,
that prevent others from being knocked down.
No thought has ever been too little,
no word has ever been too brittle.

But there is more to it of course,
poetry is also an expression of your life force.
Right at the center of your being,
lies the power of seeing.
Your goodness, wisdom, authenticity, sight,
give you unbrekability and infinite might.
Poetry reaches beyond any and all limitations,
as it can last for countless generations.
The ideas you write down today,
will change the world someday.
Everyone gets to have their say,
so write in your own way.
Because poetry was in you all along,
and you are plenty strong.
May you never forget and forever know,
that your words are meant to help Humanity Grow.
 
References
[1]: https://www.google.com/search?q=rhyming+dictionary