If you want change, you can't continue doing the same things you've always done.
If you really want change, then you are going to have to alter your course, now.
If you don't fight back, you will always lose,
and if you stay in the dark, you will only add to the darkness.
There cannot be a compromise between good and evil,
a compromise only takes from the good, and only give s to the evil.
Your office window, is not a substitute for a Call to the Wild,
Your next promotion does not actually make you a greater person.
A vacation, cannot set you free, it is not a substitute for nature.
Dressing beautifully, has never made a person truly beautiful.
Waiting for that perfect someone, will not help them notice you.
Trusting that someone else will help you, is just another delay.
And just getting out there, is not enough to be understood.
And going out, following friends, can only put you on somebody else's path.
Life is not hard, it only gets complicated when you follow,
because by following you just end up in places you don't understand.
You must lead. And you must keep walking forward. Your own step, after your own step.
In your own direction, towards the things that move you, only then can You be Trully Moved.
It must the correct combination of books, poems, steps, events, summers, and epochs.
Do not try to hurry, do not change roads, only move up, only think, and envision, and grow.
That which leads to Your Greatness, to Your Freedom, to Your Nature, requires, Truth.
Walk your own path at your own pace. Only the correct key, can set your mind free.
The others who seem to have it all right.
Often get lost on alien paths, and merely put on a happy face.
While it seems like you are trapped today, you are not, it is just an illusion.
Look towards the car keys.
That is all it will take. Grab the keys and go.
It will be very difficult at first.
The toxic build up that is keeping you from getting up, right now,
takes three days to crumble. It is a heavy cage.
But there is a way.
A simple way.
Grab the keys, and go... i275 south, merge onto 75 south,
and take it all the way down... Florida Keys, US Highway One.
If you live in Florida, then you are headed for Michigan's Upper Peninsula.
If you live West, your destination is all the way East.
It is not the destination, it is the Journey, my Friend.
Take your time, watch the cage crumble and fade as you go.
Only the important things, will stay.
And you'll get to see yourself again.
And you'll get to be free again,
you will resume where you left of.
A life of bondage,
is not worthy of you.
Life is not meant to be a cage, or cruel, or frighten you.
You knew this as a child, and you let that slip away, not even noticing when it went.
It is your Right to resist being pushed into places that you don't want to be in.
It is your Right to reject conditions that you never agreed to, that you were pushed into.
How else can the Universe be worthy of us, how else can our lives be beautiful.
Heaven and Paradise are real, but they are now, right now. Now.
How can people love you, when your own love for yourself is slipping away.
You have to. You have to accept the responsibility for your Health, and Dignity.
You don't have to make it all the way, the first time,
and you don't have to leave your phone behind.
You can call this therapy, or a vision quest, you can call it a road trip.
You are not allowed to live in a cage, of whatever constitution, that will make you ill.
It comes to you naturally to take care of your body,
but your mind also requires care.
When you reach your Freedom, you'll know what to do next,
it can be another trip, East, or West.
If you feel trapped, the Universe is darker for it.
Take a week. Or two. Forty days is best. call it your Quarantine.
Unless you clear you mind, and focus on what is important,
on you and those worthy of your care, you will lose it.
You will forget the beautiful person you truly are,
you will fall from heaven, and forget about paradise.
And life will turn into a black and white TV show.
You must take good care of your mind.
If there is no one else that cares about you,
then look at this poem.
I care.
Hi!
I am, speaking for you!
grab the keys, or bicycle, or comfy shoes, and go.
Go, and never again, let go.
Your health is important.
Your well being is important.
A Human Being is Meant to Learn,
A Human Being is Meant to Rise.
You are meant to filled with Wisdom,
with Joy and Love of Life.
You are meant to Laugh,
Truly Fully Laugh.
Listen to me, there is more.
You Are Meant To Become A Great Being.