Time for all of us to rise,
to fuel that which is greatest within us.
It is how we change the world with our works,
that matters the most in the end.
It is almost certainly a very small book,
one that will sit along side a smartphone.
And it is a book of answers,
that helps the children to real life.
Let us open our books
by undoing burdens:
"Whatever trouble brought you to my book, child,
know that there are few people
that would have acted differently
in circumstances similar to yours."
And then carefully, let us share,
in the limited number of pages that we have,
what has moved us the most.
Without our hard earned wisdom,
they don't really have a chance at not making the same mistakes.
Who else is going to teach them if not us,
what Socrates said was only meant for the age he grew up in.
We need to repeat it anew,
nearer the culture of the children.
We have to help them understand,
that old age is a privileged denied to many.
So as long as we take to living in pursuit if wisdom,
and it is never to late to start, aging is a good thing.
Let us not have the children start at the same height we stated,
let us spare them the aches we went through, may our aches count for more.
Let us show the younger generations that we are rising,
that we are building a better world albeit slowly.
The world can't be replaced,
it must be transformed.
Just like a ship can't be replaced,
but can be transformed by updating it, board by board.
Let us show them that part of the meaning of their existence,
is a lasting legacy of wisdom.
The sooner they start,
the more beautiful their rise.
And the other part is Happiness,
out of Wisdom, out of Strength.
The meaning of life comes with Wisdom,
as our mind becomes more powerful for all the good ideas it gathers.
We have to help the children to understand,
that they belong to a Universal Culture, that they are Citizens of the World.
That all the things that change based on geographic location,
are but traditions.
Only that which remains regardless of where they are born,
is their true culture.
We have to get them to help each other as they grow,
to reach out to each other across borders.
The borders that dive us,
borders are just the products of small and primitive minds.
The future belongs to the children,
not those who gained authority by pretending.
There is hope for a more just and transparent world,
but it requires that we all stand in relentless pursuit of wisdom.
A liar will always win,
except when it comes to the wise
The wise will easily recognize the uneducated fool,
taking on his pleasing shapes.
Let us help the younger generations, to wisdom,
by telling them about Philosophers and their Love and Pursuit of Wisdom.
Let us pass on only the good ideas,
and commit the bad ones to history books as cautionary tales.
A life is a work of art, it paints it self day by day,
to create a beautiful picture, our legacy.
Life is best lived when what we learned yesterday,
adds to help us become a little bit wiser today.
The energy and the force for it all comes from
from watching our contributions help the world grow.
The new generations starting, not at zero,
but at the heights that we bought them to, by our own deliberate pursuit of wisdom.