Please no more war,
no more imaginary borders.
Poverty makes it hard to see,
and not everybody notices.
If you were born to a different place,
your religion, intelligence, and level of safety would change.
All those things that change,
when you are born elsewhere, or elsewhen.
Are not who you are,
they have been impressed upon you.
Our brains love,
to accept the surrounding culture.
Historically, genes of the rebels,
never got far.

Though the road Humanity walks,
was not made by followers...
It was made by those who accept,
contradictions, it is not the best road.

Poverty is evil,
war is a crime.
Scientists are being ignored,
and liars effortlessly out-compete the honest in politics.

It is an immature road,
we walk on.
For all the wars,
we have fought it already.
It is not excusable,
be we must keep learning.
We just got here,
we just started putting the world together.
Young civilization,
young species.
And no emphasis,
on a global end to poverty.
No emphasis,
on effective education.
And nothing about,
growing all the way up.

In poverty minds,
get compressed, and damaged.
When people fracture, color of skin, some made up god,
religions, other fantasies, or even their own damn bloodline...
Becomes an imaginary mark of superiority,
and thus division.
To feel special, worship Peace,
or a Growing Humanity...
To feel spiritual,
learn and write to help those who have fallen behind, or are yet to come.
To feel special seek Reason, Knowledge,
Wisdom, and Greatness.
You can become a Poet, a Philosopher, an Artist, a Musician,
and that on top of being a knowledge seeker, which is already special.
But do not take to fantasy,
Thoreau called it living deeply, and putting to route that with was not life.

Don’t just lay there at the very bottom,
fantasizing how unique or special your random traits.
Poverty of mind and wallet is corroding and destroying everything,
the way to put an end to that is not found in imagination but courage and dignity.
Rise to become a Great Being,
start with Narrated Books, end with Noble Great Deeds that add to keep the world safe.

It needs to be repeated,
that if we are born to different religion...
We begin seeing gods that are other to that religion,
as inferior or imaginary.
Dawkins says that since we are atheist to all the other gods,
we might as well take one more step, and stop fantasizing, and start learning.

What he means to say deep down,
is that imaginary divisions are hurting us, all of us.
He is trying to show how silly the belief in something is,
when it is merely based on where we are born.
By subtle analogy,
we must take this lesson about beliefs.
And apply it to other things,
that are dividing the world.

Innate human greatness,
cannot be applied externally by any means.
It has to come from a wish to stand tall,
to stand complete, at our very best, at the highest mountains we reach.
That can only start,
by taking to books and wisdom.
As human beings we have the responsibility to understand that,
that we are one, one family, one blood, and in desperate need of real education.
Wars must be prevented,
decades ahead.
For that we need meaningful wisdom,
and a culture that helps the children to understand...
That meaning of life is found,
in growing all the way up with the aim to become great beings.