The better the flow,
the easier the lessons go.
Forced education - what a curse,
there is nothing worse.
On the other hand,
learning and having fun is grand.
When you are having fun,
learning is instantly done.
You don't have to memorize anything,
you'll soon start squirting ideas like a wellspring.
We can't learn in school under threat,
there is simply nothing to get.
We are dreamers and inventors powered by joy,
school seem like a of ploy.
I don't know what is happening,
being a real teacher is such beautiful thing.
Until school starts teaching you for real,
and gets rid of grades - no deal.
Learn on your own first,
without real education you'll be cursed.

It is very easy to get going,
as all the fun is in knowing.
Learn how to use leading Open Source programs,
and use lmms and P5.js Audio[1] to make some awesome jams[2].
Learning is nothing like what we see in school,
it is more like reinventing art, science and every tool.
Failing at something or making a mess,
is just as precious as progress.
Having fun while learning,
will have you keep returning.
Reading and listening to biographies and books,
will help you see all the crooks.

Feeling joy and having fun,
will also saturate everything you've done.
Because your heart is smiling,
as you are sculpting, painting, composing or compiling....
The content of your works will be funny,
and will make every day sunny.
We all have great thirst for understanding,
and our minds have no limits as they are ever expanding.
Self education, as in putting real education first,
was what helped Newton, Bruno, and Leonardo to quench their thirst.
And they were all having fun,
it is how they became as brilliant as the sun.
Let your joy flow into your work,
give each and every one of your works a funny quirk.

Put a lemur in an awkward place,
use it to mark your style or space.
Or use only one shape in all your art
like Yayoi Kusama who is extremely smart.
Or focus just on one area of mathematics,
and let it grow, with utterly useless robotics.
Never let go of having fun,
and people will soon stand in awe of even the tiny things you have done[3].
Fun will keep you reinventing, revisiting, and returning,
and that is what it means to be truly learning.
A real education is begotten with ones own heart,
not by pretending that memorization makes us smart.

Your mind is one of a kind,
and your unique constellation is perfectly aligned.
All the areas of your fun will eventually connect,
and all your creations will begin approaching perfect.
But you have to feel joy, and have fun,
you have to allow the energies of your life to run.
The world needs your original, unique, or funny creations,
if you put joy in it you will be remembered for many generations.
 
References
[1]: https://p5js.org/reference/#/p5.Part
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IT3vVWry1zE
[3]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iC3Lh6XaOc