Learning has a lot to do with being able to make direct connections
between what we know, and where we are hoping to get.
If you skip a connection,
learning will become frustrating because you will not be grounded in anything.
There are too components at play
when we are forced to abandon knowledge for memorization.
On one end it is the threat of failing a class,
this is similar to how criminals are forced to plead guilty, rather than stand up for truth.
And on the other it is being forced into learning something,
that we don't have any base knowledge for, and thus cannot help but t memorize it.
If you don't have the dots,
you are forced into abandoning learning in favor of just acting like you know, or memorizing.
The teacher, gets paid, you get your diploma, the school gets funding,
for as long as you are pretending to learn, everything appears to work.
The threat of failing a class must not force you into memorization,
because that only cheats _you_, and helps the teachers get paid.
You are supposed to rise above inauthenticity,
the way you win in this situation, is by not playing.
Eventually, once you educate yourself for real,
you can comeback to school for your diploma and carry on with whatever your career may be.
A career will require a trail of diplomas,
the only other alternative here is becoming a founder, and creating a series of small companies.
Returning to school with the knowledge of a thousand books and years of experience,
feels wonderful, it feels like revisiting your home town.
The curricula will still fore you into memorization,
but your self education will greatly help you with that.
Obviously, once you know the subjects for real,
the tests are trivial, if not a downright insult.
At no point should you ever throw your years away,
if that is what High School or College Feels like, come back later.
Real education is too important,
it has great impact on your decisions.
While pretending to get an education works on the surface,
not having read a few hundred biographies may make your elder self regret your decisions.
SO there is no question here, if your school is fake,
come back later, after you have learned on your own.
Even the fact that all the tests you take from high school to college,
are connected together and rely on one another is not a good reason to participate in inauthentic education.
Your years are precious,
not a single one is allowed to be thrown away.
If you do return to school later on, keep in mind that professionals can't rely on people with inauthentic education,
self taught people with real knowledge, that accepted their responsibility for their own education will be in high demand.
But do not forget that the institution that you are re-entering,
is fundamentally inauthentic and relies on temporary memorization to stay in operation.
This inauthenticity will begin manifesting it self in many ways,
and your stay there may become frustrating.
Also keep in mind, that your career may expect the kind of a person that feels OK with temporary memorization,
that being self educated, and equipped with diplomas is not a guaranteed that your career will be healthy for you.
If you are searching for guarantees in life,
then make self education and becoming a business founder one and the same.
When I question the way education works,
I always think of Doctors, and how impossible it is for a self taught person to get there.
But even so, that is not an excuse not to be educated for real,
that is no excuse to forgo books that teach us about life.
You still need the real deal,
real knowledge, real wisdom, strong decisions that will make your elder self live life with great satisfaction, knowing that you have chosen wisely.
If your career choice interferes with you moving towards becoming a Wise and Great Being,
then the path you have chosen for yourself is blocked, or damaged, and you may need to rethink your career choice.
Real knowledge, real wisdom,
must always come first.
Whatever you want from your future,
you must first take care of yourself.
Be compassionate with yourself,
love yourself.
If you don't take great care of yourself,
then people will be too scared to care about you.
Because when you hurt,
those who care about you hurt too.

There is a lot of incomplete things in our word,
there is a lot of broken promises, like standardized education, and healthy careers with proper retirement.
The only way to build new things and repair what is broken so that it may stand complete for the future generations,
is to be authentic about what works today, and what does not.
Whatever the things today,
that are not yet strong enough, for you to climb on, so that you may reach your dreams, those are the things that need your help.
That is likely to be your Call To Greatness,
and the aim to your self education, and all the great many adventures, to follow.