Consciousness is not as simple as it seems,
because to think, also means to out-think.
Political liars, for example,
tend to out-think voters.
Political analysts worth their salt,
not only out-think voters, but also out-think the out-thinking of voters.
The writers of Space Operas that span countless generations of characters,
take this to a, fantastic maximum.
To think, is to be able to out think,
and there is no limit to how far you can go.
Scientists invented a rule, where in terms of realism,
"If you can't prove it, it does not exist.".
Conspiracy theorists, in their tendency to ignore rules,
are a good example of how one can leap out of reality.

Beings that are Conscious, and aware of their surroundings,
who capable of choosing what to do next, create a Universal Family.
Some Wonderful Scientists[1] suspect,
that this family can be pretty big.
But we have to pay attention to Choice[2],
because that too is a bit tricky.
There is this small problem, where we tend to believe,
what people in authority tell us.
If our view of the world is not set in reality,
then our freedom of will, stand on uneven ground.
Giordano Bruno[3] comes to mind, to heart,
sometimes great beings choose to send a message into the future in the worst of ways.
Without truth, and clarity of vision,
the choices we make are not really our own.
There is no one to blame for Humanity's Greatest mistakes,
other than our greatest weakness, always short for greater wisdom.

When we _do_ take to wisdom,
the clarity of our vision and the freedom of our will greatly improves.
As great of a superpower that Consciousness is, I think we have to consider Consciousness without Wisdom,
Consciousness without clarity of vision, Consciousness without the stability of Truth, as a problem that we should each quickly solve.
A Planet wide problem, especially now that we face Climate Change, Holocene Extinction,
and the presence of some 16,000 nuclear weapons spread across nine nations, who do not aim to converge on wisdom, and will diverge on political and religious issues.
I know that some of you think little of humanity for what it has done to you, and the promises it has broken,
but I also know that you are like this: because your hearts are greater.
Though you may not care about Humanity,
I know that in the greatness of your hearts, you care about, and love, animals.
Rise to Greatness,
take to Informed Consciousness, and make the extinction of Tigers count for more than a whimper.
Become,
a Great Being.
 
References
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2s1qTUqOv88
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtIyx687ytk
[3]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6vvWgWwnls