If you don't like Audio Books, then you are going too fast through life,
you have to slow down, all the way down until your Heart begins calling for wisdom.

Look, whatever we think we know, is almost certainly incomplete without books,
and it takes just a few months to love your way through a hundred of them.

Books are always about connection, they will either show you that you are not alone,
or they will sing to you in such a way that you will leap over several of your next plateaus.

Books will make you stronger, more resilient, more courageous,
more insightful, they will help you see into many of your futures.

The only thing they can't give you is the things you already have,
like beauty, intelligence, creativity, and majesty.

Even though you did not live the lives you inherited from within books,
you know that they are solid, that the conclusions you draw from them are valid.

It is not just about some memories from a book you once read,
it is about the kingdom of knowledge within you, an actual city full of roads and libraries.

Each time you read, and re-read as you learn to learn more,
you grow in your modes of thinking, you expand your inner-navigation capabilities.

We are really good navigation, be in on the outside, or within out body of knowledge,
but what is a navigator in a tiny city of a few buildings.

The more we expand our city, the more we begin to excel at navigation of greater and greater things,
be it our personal decision making, or how we relate to other people and the places we aim, to go towards, in life.

The bigger our body of knowledge,
the more we can see into the future, the more is the future that unfolds before us connected to us.

Knowledge is is the thunderstorm that backs freedom, that prevents us from being permanently misled,
it is the tool that unravels all those things that are inauthentic.

I hope you can make room for wise stories from other lives,
it makes a world of difference.

May you discover all the world's most beautiful adventures,
and treasures, day dreams and inspirations - and grow, to no end.