Avoid complete pre-packaged answers that are often provided in college,
and assemble countless tools for thinking to fuel a factory of your knowledge.
And don't search for a list of tools for thinking as we can't learn them that way,
simply listen or read about lifetimes how they unfold and play.
The living evolving wisdom we hold in our mind is a form of art,
lists and memorization only make one temporarily look smart.

Love of wisdom helps us see far,
and it does not matter where or who we are.
Pick the books that call to you and make the stories align,
your own path is something that you have to design.
Being given a list of books,
is a sign that you are being cheated by crooks.

Becoming wise is marked by,
by the ability to synthesize.
It is when there are so many thoughts on your mind,
that many of them become automatically aligned.
To be wise and full of ideas and freely think,
is to have the content of our character to interlink.

This is hard to do if we don't listen to or read real books,
as the world is a bit more complex than it looks.
Inadequate education and tribal politics at a stand still,
will eventually impact your freedom of will.
We need constant motion towards wisdom and liberty,
the world must not be held back by poverty.

You simply have to pick the books that call to you,
that pleasantly expand your world view.
Often re-reading books will help you learn something new,
which in turn will help you with some breakthrough.
It is almost as if your mix of books is a healthy soup,
it does not need to be a well arranged group.

We have loads of questions that we are working through,
it is difficult to predict the next thing that will help to improve our view.
It will be a book that will almost automatically catch your attention,
you just know when something will enhance your comprehension.
That is what browsing books is about,
looking around until something jumps out.

You need a connection to some area or subject,
something that your mind clicks with and does not reject.
This is why going to college,
often results in little acquisition of real knowledge.
We just can't be told what to read or learn next,
even if we temporarily memorize in our mind can still reject the whole text.

Knowledge full of contradictions is not useful,
navigating life with it can be harmful.
Solving contradictions represents great wealth,
as it is one of the pillars of mental health.
Retaining disconnected often contradictory facts,
has profoundly negative impacts.

When we experience thinking ourselves into a loop,
that means we need that mix of books and knowledge soup.
As we are yet to assemble a way out,
and not accept something we were told and live in doubt.
Contradictions are meant to be solved,
we can only be truly free when they are resolved.

You should know there is an important difference between ready made answers and tools for thinking,
one will make you grow, and the the other keep you shrinking.
There is no limit to the the depth and complexity of your mind,
and there is no limit to the beauty and inspiration you can find.
You are given all the tools to make your mind great,
and you are not limited to some fate - the road ahead is yours to create.