As you probably have figured out all the subject divisions are wrong,
they exist for the school not for the student.
And we need a real-world,
source of subjects.
Both to adopt it,
and expand the list by subtle analogy to existing items.
YCombinator Request For Startups[1],
is an a-OK start.
It contains items such as Education, Software, Virtual and Augmented Reality,
and Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare and Government 2.0.
And I would add, Nature & Adventure, Art , Design, Music, and Music Composition,
Web and Application Programming, 3D Modeling and Printing, Open Source Operating Systems, and a few others.
It is easy to think of these as majors, but student minds don’t work like that,
these are just doors to step through and revisit.
The structure of the school is just a tree,
students are presented with many branches, and pick one.
After they fill their curiosity, they are presented with all the unopened doors,
and allowed to revisit subjects they already explored to learn more about them.

The ultimate measuring stick to define a proper class,
is sad, and unfortunate, as it relates to the development level of our civilization.
And in case you didn’t know, schools are fake, money is misused to choke the world,
and some severely stupid people think war is just good entertainment to be had from time to time.
Make no mistake, dictators do not just wage war to hide their economic failure,
they do it because it entertains them and tightens the bonds with all the equally stupid yes-men.
There is no question that schools need instant repair,
but that repair must also be on point, or relative to where humanity stand.
So in sadness, I declare that subjects are to - ultimately - to be divided,
in a way that helps the student exit poverty.
And those who head for politics will have to adapt the world,
to Universal Income, $100 US dollars per day in 2020 money, reset to 100 every midnight.
You will not believe what the students heading for politics,
will teach you about inflation as they come closer and closer to unchaining the world.

To be clear, students will no longer be taught mathematics,
because that never worked.
Instead, they will learn mathematics, by wanting to learn mathematics,
to increase the chances of their little companies making more money.
A computer artist hoping to sell their enormous and enormously complex Generative Art,
will want to learn math, and it will take them weeks of self education, and not years of no education.
What is important to notice here, that math is alive and well, thriving more than ever,
but it is not presented in the context of something that is useful to the students.
More than that, some of the new subject divisions are quite startling,
for example Jewelry creation or generation by means of JSCAD[2] and 3D printing.
Once the initial list of subjects is expanded,
everyone will find something fascinating.
Students will spend countless minutes looking for new topics,
for new ways to use their existing knowledge.
And above all for new things to learn,
that will allow them to progress to the subjects that are few steps removed, but now closer than ever.

The definition of a worthy subject, is a smallest possible cluster of topics,
that come together to help the student out of poverty.
To help them pay for an apartment, for food,
for travel and new inventions.
From the students perspective, the most important perspective,
a subject is defined as something that they feel passionate about.
That is delivered to them in a way that feels like Poetry,
it is presented in the best way possible.

Finally, there are no grades, there is no graduation, the doors are always open for more,
there is no punishment, no getting kicked out.
It is understood that the misguided, are just that, victims of warped cultures and lack of knowledge,
this school will repair that.
This school is like the universal income that the students will eventually turn to reality,
it cannot be take away from anybody - not from a horrible criminal, not from a being who may afford something better - it may not be taken away for any reason.
The real school, and the real education it brings to the world,
it is a gift that will never be taken back.
 
References
[1]: https://www.ycombinator.com/rfs
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLA8VPRRi6A