Every Human Being,
is responsible for helping the world grow.

By continuing to support,
or creating new things that hold us back.

We cause suffering of the worst kind,
a suffering that has no meaning.

Think about the things that hold you back,
and begin thinking your way around them.

The only force that can help you,
are the other human beings who share in this endeavor.

Humanity is your family,
all those who strive for Knowledge and Wisdom, and share in the dreams of a Loving World.

Those who profit from indoctrination, bondage, blindness, status-quo, or meaningless suffering,
have failed to grow up and entered a strange empty-minded parasitic or predatory state.

The propagators of misery who have warped every nation on earth,
are neither leaders, friends, nor family.

For Humanity to advance forward we must build quickly,
erecting lightweight systems that are vulnerable to attacks.

We cannot hope to advance by building armored bridges,
because a liar will dig until they win their mindless games.

For Humanity to grow in safety,
we must each accept the responsibility for our own self education.

We have to prevent each other from entering strange empty states,
and help each other grow toward wisdom and greatness.

It is either all of us, the entire family becoming Wise,
or none, as mindless parasites gnaw, erode and destroy the foundations.

You must accept the responsibility that you once associated with Great Beings,
a Great being is just a grown up, it is the aim and hope of each and every one of us.

You cannot stand by as the world is held back by lack of vision or greed, or exploitation,
this is your world.

There is no room for revenge and punishment, prisons and cages, and legal slavery in our world,
the fracturing of minds must be prevented by a Wise, Loving and Understanding Humanity.

Homelessness, poverty, and desperation must be prevented right now,
grant every newborn a free home, a free real and effective education, and a birthday gift of enough money to last a lifetime.

Who are we to push children into desperation, fake education, and poverty,
and pretend we know what we are talking about when we say a fair start is a bad idea?

Books, Narrated Books especially,
will help you grow to see all the wrong that we are tricked into tolerating.

Push past those who will laugh at you for listening to books,
they are just ill and scared, and weak, and secretly hate the world.

Do not just make decisions based on experience, observations and majority,
inherit hundreds or thousands of lifetimes from narrated books.

Before making decisions that dictate the life ahead of you,
build an independent and impeccable understanding of the world, so that you are not mislead.

In the privacy of your beautiful life,
learn about other struggles, and noble aims, and histories.

We are one family, look beyond your nation to the entire world, to every city and every village,
and find a way to encourage the vulnerable to real and life changing education.

Stand up for Human Rights all across the world,
reject prisons, reject poverty; no child should ever need to face poverty.

Stand up for Earth, because the same thing that puts children into poverty,
puts the future of earth into jeopardy, money must only be used for good and never for evil or wrong doing.

Disarmament, complete disarmament is possible so as long as we build real schools,
and help children learn for real, and meaningful and life changing paths and ideas, wars are rooted in lack of education and warped ideas.

We are one family, one people, we all have many different reasons to admire each other,
but we all need a common education, one that helps us grow in reality, and grow wise, and opens gateways to greatness.

In a world where we unite in Knowledge and Hope, Peace and Wisdom, Foresight and Greatness,
our civilization will be free to flourish and grow, no longer held back by small minded ideas.

Together, we must build a wise and loving world,
a wise and loving future.