The growing up of a civilization is not just about its girth,
it is also about its collective wisdom, future, and mirth.

For the people to be happy, and grow in wisdom and joy,
there are several techniques that they must employ.

Much, though not most of meaning of life is found in the simple process,
of Self Education, Knowledge, Wisdom, and search for Greatness.

And the reason why Greatness is the direction to reach,
is our self awareness, consciousness, and ability to teach.

Once a civilization can ponder it self,
once it is able to fill a bookshelf...

It then _should_ aim as high as it can,
that should be its promise and master plan.

But, the first and foremost is World Peace,
so all the anger, conflicts and wars, must cease.

Different cultures must learn to share a common vision,
we have to converse on wisdom and without anymore collision.

To become wise we must take to self education, knowledge and books,
we have to go all the way around all the liars and crooks.

We can no longer afford to be divided,
it matters not who with whom sided,ask the future generation what they decided.

We must help the younger generations know,
that their aim is to take to wisdom and grow.

One important thing that we must ensure,
is that they live without stress so that they can easily mature.

Stress is born from, punishment, poverty, fatigue and lies,
and actually prevents children from becoming wise.

We have to help them to a rational vision of all the future ahead,
help them build companies so that they don't graduate in the red.

Growing up must be relaxed, safe, and cheerful,
and our generations grew up all too fearful.

We have to put an end to throwing our mistakes at their feet,
their childhood must _not_ be bittersweet.

We have to show them that the world can become beautiful for all,
and, we have to remove mistakes that drag the world down, and take down every wall.

We have to lead them to a more peaceful world,
and remind them to remove their own world mistakes as they grow old.

Inspiring to Grantees, and the removal of our collective mistakes,
is all that it takes.