To invent we have to stop being scared of poverty,
we can only invent in peace - and that requires courage.
Fear really is the mind killer,
but it is also true that we are all warriors.
There are many things we can do in life to become courageous,
we can listen to great books, take to great adventure, become observers of the world.

Or set up a cabin by a pond, ensure biscuit and tea,
and write to become the Great American Philosopher.
Sometimes a lawn makes for a great pond,
and thus our lonesome apartments too, can serve as a proper cabin by the Walden Pond.

Courage must come first,
this is very sad.
But, overall,
courage is good for us.
Aside from helping with invention, it is great for little adventures, petting large animals,
or getting into mediocre books.

What is worse, is that people like teachers will unknowingly destroy
genius, creativity, invention, and force students into memorizing.
Whether they know it or not,
we can’t let anybody rob us of our genius.
School is just a drop, in the ocean of life,
but it can trick us into thinking that we aren’t smart, if we let it.
We are supposed to invent,
and become independent from the rest of the world.

I remember in my Plymouth High School,
there was a drawing made with markers, and it seemed so perfect, that it made me feel stupid.
I thought to myself “I could never create something like this, college is not for me”,
the marker lines didn’t overlap, the colors were amazing, and the portrait was beautiful.
I lacked wisdom and courage of invention,
I lacked courage to say “I will invent my way to this”.
Back then I still didn’t get around to contemplating talent,
so I thought it was something people were born with.
But it is stupid to think that someone is born with the ability to kick ass at markers,
we are risen apes - not fallen angels.

I never lacked courage for standing up what was right,
because I could see and feel that bullies were evil.
I dropped out of the high school the moment the Biology Teacher said “weed is an herb”,
I don't need to hear more.
Here was the first time I faced a true enemy that truly outranked me,
the Guidance Counselor.
He told me I would never be anything in life,
who says such things.
I think this started an investigation,
because when I showed up at the AdultEd, they were waiting for me.

There was a coffee shop near by,
the teenagers there were out of control.
But to me they were just crazy,
they were not evil, they would do no harm.
I remember sitting on the couch,
and looking up - someone took the ceiling panes home and used them as canvas.
There was a panel with electronics on it,
and what clearly looked like water colors.
It was the kids that were there,
that painted them - the troublemakers.

A 29 year old woman showed up one time, I called her Wendy,
I immediately warned the main troublemaker to be kind to her.
She looked at me and said “Oh, so this is the bad boy” pointing at him,
he told her that we would only cause trouble because his mom.
On second thought,
the teenagers at The Brew Ha Ha, were Angels.
Our world ended when the Brew closed,
we all immediately grew up to become Philosophers.

Everywhere I went,
was crawling with Philosophers.
I had to make a stop to get good at programming,
this was before my first job - which required it - my parents complained.
We have to be courageous,
and when we see no other way.

Be it teachers, parents, schools, bullies,
we must retain our integrity, and protect our genius.
Bad people and those who are mislead into doing wrong things, always lose - always,
they become crappy stories of growing up and what not to do.
Being courageous and protecting our genius, clears the mind,
it helps us unplug from the errors in other people’s heads.

We must courageously push all the unimportant and frightening, and even ordinary things,
back!
We are each a powerful genius,
all we need is a couple of hundred narrated books at the library to get started.
Once our wisdom ignites,
there is no telling what height we will reach.