So everything you memorized,
goes straight out the window.

You will be thrown against questions without answers,
and judged based on the methods you use to eventually fail.

It is the quality of your thinking,
not the solution of the problem that gets you the position.

Supply and demand, money...
you've been made to memorize answers to trick puzzles since high school.

The entrance exams,
are little more than crossword puzzles.

And the whole educational experience between middle school and university, inclusive,
is about people making money off of you.

For the same reason why military does not recruit middle aged men,
why the only go after the ones that didn't have a chance to become wise yet.

Businesses grow in places where there is money,
and there is money in selling promises of futures.

And this is not a secret,
especially when it comes to real jobs.

Not jobs that will train you,
but ones that expect you to lead as an innovator.

So the interview process, is not about how many solutions to entrance exam puzzles you memorized,
but about the puzzles that do not come with solutions, at all.

I know what you are thinking,
you are not smart enough to lead, and try to solve those problems.

You had a tough time inn school,
and nobody knows the you worked twice as hard.

This isn't about the school at all,
the school is a theater that puts on a play.

The play sustains it self,
it propagates it self, it is self referential, it exist for its own sake.

The twice as hard is there for everyone,
it is there to convince you that it is worth the while.

But, it is not, worth the while,
it is not worth the diploma anymore.

Look at med school,
it is just a few more tests, AND THEN A DECADE OF PRACTICE.

This right here should tell you,
how useful you school is.

Hence questions without answers,
questions that test your ability to think outside of the box.

Questions that have nothing to do with formulas or facts you memorized,
and have everything to do with things you have never encountered before.

In deed that you paid for an education,
that you would have gained on your own had you been more responsible is a huge red minus.

You got yourself tricked,
and now you don't even know the job is after the best decades of your life, and whatever is best in your mind.

The interview will be testing the greatness of your being,
all the fields outside of the position you seek.

They will expect to see a demonstration of the breadth of your knowledge,
by watching you apply solutions from other fields by a simple and subtle analogy.

Mind you,
schools only taught you a single path.

Only one question out of the multiple was correct.

And here it is even more complex,
because there is no answer.

This is a question of scanning for a solution,
that does not exist.

The reason why you are being asked questions without answers,
is to reveal the number and quality of attempts at the solution before you realize or are told that there is no answer.

It is the quality intricacy and complexity of the search for the solution,
that is being evaluated.

But there is friction here,
because a real interview that does not actually insult you, approaches your soul all too close.

All your genius, even if schools tricked you into believing you don't have it,
and all the while asking you to trust them they will be there for you.

That they will be there when you are thirty and build not just a house but a home,
they will be there when you are forty and try to live a healthier and more balanced life,
they will be there when you are fifty, and sixty, and maybe seventy.

In their inexperience they are challenging your soul, and your greatness,
and asking you to give it to them.

The best interview tip I have for you,
is to go there to question them instead.

Ask them how much of you do they expect you to give,
and how much is your pay in proportion to the CEO.

And how long do they expect yo to work there,
and how much do they think years of your life are really worth.

I recommend you ask that same question,
at every interview...

and learn to no end,
how your job is not that different from the minimal almost fake education that took your savings.

The answer to the original question that brought you here,
was not College and Career.

It was Self Education,
and Entrepreneurship.

You took the road more traveled,
the first stretch took your money, and the second will take your decades so you can pay off the debt.

And you better have huge debt,
because if you don't, then you don't even have a reason to go in to the interview.

Either way,
this is not the way.

Every year of your life,
is infinitely more valuable, than anything you will find, working for somebody else.

So stop it,
stop now before it is too late.

You are meant to learn for real,
you are mean to be truly knowledgeable, far beyond anything that can be asked at an interview.

No matter their zest for genius,
they wouldn't come up with a question to capture one, their very position and approach is proof they wouldn't know what one looks like.

As you can no doubt tell,
a lot behind those questions is there so that they can impress themselves.

But enough about that stupid interview,
that is not the way, that is not your way.

You have been misled by education and the promise of a safe job,
today all of this still just about moneymaking.

You have been spread thin,
you must pull yourself back together.

You have to go back and restore the predispositions that schools stripped yo off,
in their haste to sell your mind for a paycheck, and later for your tuition.

Your unique predispositions are the only key to your future,
you may think to yourself that you only had one, and it was ridiculously child like.

Yes, that is what a predisposition for greatness emerges as initially,
a childhood curiosity.

And then as you tend to it it will fork and grow like a large corona,
you will enter stages of Art and Music, Uniqueness and Creativity, you will zoom right past being a Genius and a Polymath, and learn things worth a thousand times more.

So many things, that those asking those interview questions will look infantile,
it will feel like a bunch of actors trying to make themselves look bigger either by caring to much r pretending to care too little.

Enough is enough,
and no, it won't work temporary.

You need those years to grow,
not to rent them out to bigger than thou ding-dongs.

Finally, I am canceling your interview tomorrow,
because it is a waste of your time.

Instead you are going shopping to prepare for an expedition,
find the longest Adventure Trail wherever you live, Appalachian, Pacific Crest, whatever, and pack.

Get a Journal and a waterproof marker,
and discover the polymath in you.

When you return,
build a series of small companies until you learn how to do it right.

And never again follow,
and never again let someone tell you who you are, or smart you are, or where you need to be, or how much you are worth to them.

Be mindful of your legacy,
and of those who are being misguided right now, help them learn, prevent them from making the same mistakes you did.

The world stands still, today, the politics are frozen, even the police kills those who they are sworn to protect,
the World can only grow when you and countless others unleash the Genius, the Polymath, and the Greatness, within.

No interview,
you are meant to become a great being.

The World needs you to lead,
no more dumb interviews there isn't a company noble enough, there isn't a company worthy of your time.

This is not the kind of a world,
each generation must progress forward, what you see before you is not fixed, it is just an imperfect stepping stone froward.

Stop letting others search for you,
and set of on an endless adventure to discover the great being within.


[build a series of small companies until you learn how to do it right]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoqgAy3h4OM
[discover the great being within]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPSvdKTEZug