The opposite of employment isn't unemployment. It's freedom.
-- G.K. Chesterton, writer, philosopher, and art critic.
World Peace,
is about wisdom.

We need a new international bank,
an upgrade to the way individual beings use money.
The bank card has a daily spending limit of $100 United Stated Dollars,
that sum will grow with inflation.
While the bank should not track debt because a Human Being is a creator,
and not a burden.
Should those figures prove a necessity the money can from the surrounding planets,
the bank, simply sells and trades land and mineral rights.
But it is is important to understand that this money is an investment in the future of Human Kind,
because the only real thing that divides us; is poverty and all the things it induces, including lack of education.
Human made things such as money,
must always aim to help us, not hurt us.

The result,
ends poverty and wage slavery[1], setting us free to learn and become wise.
The effects of wage slavery,
are real.
The most miserable one,
is mass incarceration of people who are fractured by poverty.
The host harmful effect,
is lack of education and growing up.

Eventually, you have to exit education,
and get a job.
And then, you will not learn the things you need to know to grow great,
because you will be too tired from overwork, and of work, and petty nonsense.
Even though there is no conspiracy to create wage slavery,
you are still being cut off from education, forced into work, and denied a full measure of wisdom you deserve.

We cannot have a justice system,
when people are committing crimes our of poverty and lack of education.
The errors within our civilization,
are putting people in cages - that is not justice.
We simply cannot have a civilization based on using poverty to force people out school and into work,
this is not who we are.

Here in lies the problem of sequence,
without real education, we can't see the errors that surround us,
With our love for all members of the human family stunted,
we can't even comprehend the gravity of the necessity of this change.
Without real education,
Humanity will not notice the invisible prison walls of poverty.
Without real education, we will silently standby the death of 20,000 people[2],
and in out blindness call that; a method of prevention.

Entry into authentic education, and a global exit from poverty,
is the only way to permanently prevent the fracturing, indoctrination, warping, and hijacking-the-minds of poor and uneducated people.
One hundred dollars per day to all,
so that they may outgrow in wisdom their fathers, families, cultures, indoctrination, propaganda, lies, manipulations; and avoid fractures.
Let their fathers cry[3],
once they understand that their children will be growing up in a better world.
That their children won't have to fight, or fear hunger,
that they can just move and take to the constellations of curiosities within them.

It is not just Universal Income, you see,
it is also Real Education, so that the world, can see it self.

Today when you ask a teacher,
who do they see when they look at you, their honest answer is a student.
But you are not just a student,
you are all our hopes and dreams.
When you ask why they are teaching you,
their honest answer is so that they can put food on their table.
But it is all about empowering you,
to greatness.
And when you ask them about war,
they will say that the world is not a fair place, that war is what men do.

But, they are victims of lack of real education, victims of poverty,
and they are trapped within the invisible walls, of work or perish.

This cycle of blindness, destruction, and self-destruction must be broken,
it must END right now, this second.
In the absence of teachers,
you become a teacher.
You must take to self education,
because a standardized curriculum can't teach.
At best it can only churn out uneducated and desperate work machines,
who can't understand that only Real Education and Safety and Security can prevent conflict...
Not mutually assured destruction, not drone strikes,
not another arms race.
Drone strikes and other modern technologies
simply accelerated the arms race and emergence of new conflicts.

Humans are not work machines,
when we are allowed to grow, we grow into great beings.

Take to narrated books[4],
help others do the same.
So as long as we are learning,
the world education level will rise high enough to make that strange bank a reality.
And the people will understand that what divided us,
was the fractures from poverty and lack of education.
Freed from poverty and converging on wisdom,
people will begin to understand that we are one.
One family,
under the sun.
 
References
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4IWpMk7esk
[2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civilian_casualties_from_U.S._drone_strikes#Independent_estimates
[3]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zk--XN4ozr8&t=200s
[4]: https://oedb.org/ilibrarian/100-all-time-greatest-popular-science-books/