School is a great way to learn about corruption, lies,
and what shared fantasies look like.
Just like everyone used to believe in fairy tales,
now everyone believes, that you can learn things that aren't interesting.
Whatever you can learn this way,
is too trivial to bother with right now.
Whatever you just cant understand,
that is because someone is forcing you to learn them without context.
For example, when programming screensavers learning math is really fun,
sitting in a classroom watching a big fat white louse selling you out for a paycheck, will prevent you from learning anything .
And the bigger things that your teacher will trick you, into cramming for,
you will forget them, and not just the normal way.
But also because big things require frequent practice,
you have to stay in a circle of practice.
Programming, Digital Painting, Hard Surface Modeling, Jewelry Modeling and Sculpting,
Procedural 3D Objects, Dancing, Jogging, Bicycling, Writing and Poetry....
...and all the other stuff,
and back to Programming.
That is why you can’t learn what is not interesting to you,
because you won’t plug it into your cycle of self education and practice.
Find what you like, preferably something that seems confusing,
and lay siege to the thing, until you come out running like an expert.
Why running you ask? that’s the self education momentum,
you are running like a Puma or Tiger to lay siege to the next interesting thing.
The more you learn,
the more new and interesting things you find.
What is it all for? With each new thing you learn you plow through,
your notion of how intelligent you are.
You become smarter, which in turn keeps you sharp, motivated, healthy,
and curious about the world.
The more interesting things you learn,
the more interesting the world becomes.

Plus, you know,
you get to do stuff like “Programming Your Wallet” -- how cool is that.
(But please, as you add clearance to close your wallet,
don’t forget to add clearance for the cards, like I just did.
Even so, since it is computer program that builds the wallet,
you just add a new math node to the credit card size box calculation and voila.)