Think about Parkour or Skateboarding,
as they require practice, growth, advancement, and getting good at.

Imagine someone getting out there,
and trying to pretend to be good at Parkour or Skateboarding.

The fakers would be instantly revealed,
and would start practicing more, learning for real, and certainly stop pretending.

In world politics, nobody gets hurt when they are lying,
in fact what makes a good political lie, is that the liar can't get caught.

When a political liar is never revealed as a liar,
that does not mean that they actually know Politics, Parkour or Skateboarding.

Just staying beneath the public radar and not getting caught,
does not make them what they claim to be.

Maybe this is why world politics seem to stand still,
why climate is not treated with the urgency it deserves.

Why deforestation is still an issue,
why every large city has an atomic weapon pointed at it.

To fix politics,
Humanity must grow beyond where it is today, and that process is actually very nice.

Getting good at things on the personal,
is quite a fantastic thing and always seems to come with a fancy feeling of accomplishment.

On the personal level getting good is almost always about great adventure,
and this is especially relevant for computer nerds from cyberspace that already hate it.

Getting good, is nothing like endless hours of playing the piano,
unless that is something that a person enjoys.

We have digital audio workstations now,
we can make beautiful music without muscle memory, and we get to mess with thousands of instruments.

It is hard to describe why seeing endless horizons,
makes such a big difference.

But I think a lot of times,
we forget how truly beautiful we are, and nature never fails to help us remember.

One of the most magical things in the world of endless horizons,
is room for listening to, or reading, books.

And books are vitamins for our mind,
we cannot help but to return wiser, where endless horizons are concerned.

Getting good at things is not about laser vision,
and not even about doing new things by subtle analogy to what we already know, not entirely.

It is about bringing all the vastness of our Knowledge and Experience,
to that one little thing that we were studying.

It is a kind of wisdom,
or perhaps it is wisdom.

When we good at things,
we grow.

And as people grow,
Humanity Grows.

To get good at things,
is to help the world grow.

This is what is meant when leaders say,
do not ask what the world can do for you, ask what you can do for the world.

What we can do for the world,
is become wise, and that will absolutely make all the difference, in personal lives, in politics, and in all matters of concern.