We know all human being are equally intelligent,
it is that that each has a different path through Knowledge and Curiosities.
Standardizing that path, inducing memorization,
and calling that an education, is madness.

Politicians and principals get re-elected, teachers keep on pretending to be relevant, parents ship their kids off into college, and unforgivable college debt.
this is not who we are, and this is not how the world will advance.

Human Beings require real Education,
and not any set of subjects in particular - there are no subject divisions in real life.
Real education is above all, relevant, to the person learning,
nobody learning programming has the time to consider the powerhouse of the cell.

Very often people are told to stop learning and get into organized education,
where they will start temporary memorizing disconnected facts for imaginary grades.
People doing this pushing are tricked into thinking that is the right thing to do,
but that ends real education, and intellectually blinds the student, sometimes permanently.
Taking a person’s education away,
is a terrible thing to do, it is an unforgivable thing as without a real education they can’t advance in life.

We are all extremely smart,
if we are not mislead we take to self education.
We learn what is relevant and interesting to us,
at a pace that fully satisfies our curiosities.
We can only really learn in a sequence that is unique to us,
that matches what we have learned thus far and what we are comfortable with, and what our next interests are.

Real Education, is beautiful, and it it pure joy,
the reward is all the new things we can create, with our hands or mind.
When we don’t understand something we make infinite room to understand it,
we may push our current pursuits aside and set off on an adventure within adventure.
Things that call to us, are also the things that we will frequently return to,
and thus continue learning and refine our talents.

Grades, subject divisions, timed periods of learning, tests to test the incomprehensible,
are toxic for real education.
It is not possible to jump the fake education hoops and still learn something useful,
we can’t just hope to stop learning for real - for the duration of the time that we spend pretending to learn in school.
Pretending will drain the passion and patience necessary for Real Education to grow,
to expand, to call to us, and to inspire us with new curiosities.

We have to remind the little ones that they all extremely smart,
but they are under attack by poverty and by extension fake education.
The only thing they really have to start with is Narrated Books at the Library,
and ad infested video tutorials on the internet.
That is a pretty sad start,
but things will improve quickly with real education.

Inheriting lifetimes of knowledge from relevant and meaningful biographies,
goes a long way to create powerful independent thinkers.
For some it maybe hard to see the benefit at first, to believe that mere books can change lives.
But books don’t just give us new information to work with,
but transform our minds, books extend our abilities, enhance our minds.

Real education is not simply about having more knowledge,
but about improved and enhanced understanding of everything.
When tough kids in a bad school say that education does nothing for me,
they don’t know that the education they are getting is completely fake.
That the education they know, is not the real education that they should be getting,
the real education that is their inheritance, their treasure, and their right.

We all need to fight for real education,
we need to stand up for ourselves.
We can’t pretend we are learning just to get a diploma,
there is no time for that in life.
We need real lessons, that make our minds better and stronger,
that fill us with Knowledge and Wisdom, and Greatness - we are all meant to become Great Beings.