I will introduce you to a clock,
that you can use as a memory stick.
I will show that Universal Income,
and Real Education solve the problems you will soon face.
And I will ask you to stage a protest,
and build a real school, where people can learn for real.
When the world - that is to say the students - are ready,
the money for Basic Income will come from the improved future of the world that does not suffer an irreparable collapse.
Money is an imaginary concept,
your generation will eliminate poverty, by extending the concept of money to consider the future that Humanity is headed towards.
Let us begin;

The backbone of your clock is the health of the Amazon Rain Forest (just because it is an ongoing issue that recently got worse),
Insects and Bats are your most powerful indicator, and Tigers, Rhinos and Orangutans represents all the rest you need to measure.
The Amazon Rain Forest is important because it is being burned, by the poor, for money,
they are helping themselves, at the cost of future generations.
You will find that this "by the poor, for the money",
is playing a major negative role everywhere.
It is also empowering large corporations,
and even child labor and slavery.

Money is fine for playing pointless games at Wall St. but it you apply the idea of money to all Humanity,
it will be its silent and imperceptible undoing.

Amazon is just the first of about a dozen no return points,
so, there is plenty of opportunity to get it right.
Do not let these ideas make you sad,
I am merely asking you and all the other readers. to become Great Beings.

There is a very small chance that people will not know what to do,
or that the changes will be so slow, that no single generation will notice the disaster unfold.
But more pressing than talk of distant disasters,
is a conversation, about avoiding needless suffering, which doubles a way to prevent said disasters.
We have already shown that Humanity is blind to
Mass Incarceration, Hunger and Famine, Poverty and Homelessness, Indoctrination and War, Slavery and Nations that violate Human Rights.

In their un-education, and fantasy lifestyles, politicians are speaking of Earthen Vessels[1],
and they actually attack and try to break the spirits of those who do care about injustice[2].
This problem is rooted in fake education,
and our ability to blindly make sense of crazy at the cost of distancing ourselves from reality and the chance to guide the world[3].
Those who did figure out what the real problem is, heartbreakingly for a significant period of time, have also maxed out their mental capacity to continue moving forward at the same pace[4],
as no singe person can correct the problem, it will take a generation.

Let us not speak in broad abstract terms here,
we need to isolate an enormous problem, and fix it.
And then by subtle analogy,
apply a slight variation of the fix to everything else,

The Amazon Rain Forest is your first challenge,
how do you get the farmers to stop burning it?

Let me give you a couple of warnings,
first.
As crazy people who think watching the world burn is something that just happens,
are going to try to convince you that ending the destruction will destroy the world.
The only thing it will destroy,
are the businesses that positioned themselves to make money off of human misery.
You are going to put the company that is destined to sell fresh canned air to your grand kids out of business,
and as a separate consequence, also prevent that future from happening.

By solving the Amazon problem,
you will empty many businesses of workers.
These businesses were built on wage slavery,
they took a bet, against advancement of humanity, and it was not a wise bet.

Another counter argument you will hear,
is people not doing anything but drugs and pleasure seeking as a result of the changes your generation institutes.
Drug addicts exist because they are escaping pain,
they can't quit drugs, as drugs support that escape.
But the solution to the Amazon Rain Forest problem,
also solves the suffering of almost all people pushed into addiction.
They will be able to move,
to try to start a new life, in a place they never knew existed, among people they didn't realize could love them.
More than that, you also solve most crime,
the will be no robberies in the world.
You will collapse the Prison Industry,
again, the investors there, made a stupid bet, and they should stupidly lose everything - that's how you play the market game, it is the rule.

Of course, it is safe to say, that people who stand against Basic Income and Real Education,
are totally out of their f***ing minds, and you can, just, ignore, what they have to say.
In fact there is a name for making stupid arguments like that,
what they are doing should be called, verbal diarrhea.
And a similar condition,
is at the root of Mass Incarceration[5] in United States.

Now without further ado,
let me help you to see the beginning.
Better sit down,for this one,
as this is basically the opposite of what you are told to do.
I also won't make this an abrupt process,
that will stress you out - but a slow one that will give you the strength you need.

Stop memorizing, stop cramming before tests,
but for every class you fail, you need to learn a new talent.
Stuff like 3D Modeling and Printing, Making Electronic Circuits,
Programming, and programming single board computers and their pin boards to taste robotics...
Learning Digital Painting In Krita, or Graffiti Art with wall projectors,
even Crossing great trails[6] and Survival Training.
This is called a real education, learning things that move you,
that call to you.
Year after year, as you learn more and more, you begin learning faster and faster,
and somehow understand more and more of the world we live in.
You transmute, Real Knowledge,
into Wisdom.
This transmutation,
only works with functional knowledge.
To use a car analogy,
a toy car can't get you across town.

So, the text time yo are handed a test or pop quiz,
slowly begin imagining what will happen when you hand it in blank.
Just relax,
it does not have to be your first, or third, or even fifth test.
Just imagine,
rising.
And when you are ready,
you hand it in blank.
Maybe use your power and growing wisdom,
to legibly scribble to your teacher some words of wisdom.
Don't make enemies,
a lot of the fake teachers, would end up teaching for real, if they had strong Universal Income protecting them from... destruction, basically.
You need to team up with others,
keep an eye on the back row, but set the so called smart kids free, first.
Once you are all suspended,
or put on some mad and scary academic suspension - organize, and stay in the news.
Give talks, stage walks,
hand out notes, get a microphone and tell everyone what they are already thinking, what they have been ready to hear forever and a half.
The schools have been making a fool out you[7],
they are taking advantage of your lack of experience in a way you can't prove[8], the text books are a scam[9], and you don't just need debt forgiveness, you need a fu***ng refund.
You are staging a global protest against fake education,
fake education is a problem even the most brilliant of us haven't quite noticed yet[10].

As with all movements,
you will need a common objective you can all converge on.
And that is of course,
the real school.

Another warning, the fortunes of many institutions that have bet on the end of humanity are at stake here,
parasitic corporations and individuals will attack you with a might you, will, not, see coming, until it is too late.
They will manipulate you with ideas,
that you will not be able to recognize in time, as false.
Please, do not elect a leader,
as they will easily derail your movement.
Rule by the force of a massively multiplayer round table,
where only the voice of the brilliant many can speak.
Speed thy,
slowly.

You must understand and employ the collaborative process behind Wikipedia,
and begin building a system similar to a game.
One of the first fun uses for it,
is having the Politicians that are in charge of your future play.
This is not just to shame them,
the School Game is structured in a way that teaches them, how to play.
By playing the game for a little bit,
they get a basic education,
Even a little bit of a real education,
makes them better at what they are supposed to be doing.
By playing the game, they get a glimpse of the future,
and the consequences of their inactions, and small minded thinking.
They get to witness the impact of their flawed decision making,
on your existence and the well being of your Grand Children.
Make sure, that there are multiple Open Source school systems in competition with one another,
and of course, that the winning one will get translations into all the languages, and that all people can access your school eventually.

The second fun use,
is witnessing how young people are much more perceptive and better at learning than we all assumed.
Perhaps you can do something, to help the politicians to get ready to have their fat asses handed to them,
by foul mouthed twelve year old girls with a superior education - IDK.

I wish I had some proof for you,
but Improved Education, is the only road to Global Universal Income.
It is a ladder, that the world climbs,
and gets higher powers from.
Darkly speaking; either way, eventually people would see that there is no future,
when they desperately sell out their future generations, just to live their own life.
In order for the world to begin healing,
poverty must end, for poverty to end, you have to build real schools so that the resulting politicians can see.

Hey, cheer up,
you are not alone.
The moment you hand in your first blank test,
all the Great Beings in the world today, and even those who have already passed.
Stand by your side in kinship, friendship, appreciation of your courage,
and in the shared vision of a better future, that is worthy of us all.

Cramming for tests, and pretending to learn, while everyone fills their pockets with your debts and savings -
was never the way forward.
And you are not giving anything up,
by making your own, more authentic way, though Arts and Sciences.
You would have neither found Wisdom, nor Greatness, in the inauthentic path,
there was no authentic prestige there, no real graduations or diplomas, - the futures that are worthy of you are the ones that are most authentic.
And this idea needs you, we do our best thinking out on the very limits of our mental capacities and this is mine,
so take this idea and write, and imagine, and build, and continue until you reach your limits, though with a much finer version than the scraps you found here.
Like the better future,
your Unimaginable Greatness is well within your reach.
 
References
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GE8Q42Zzqgk
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wugedlHy8Pc
[3]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T76FdtKreNQ
[4]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9M4tdMsg3ts
[5]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incarceration_in_the_United_States
[6]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPSvdKTEZug
[7]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUanS5OWy_k
[8]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5o1w5TlCaE
[9]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFpPCfBhNWQ
[10]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sa-IHN9_3Uw