First of all let me just say,
that schools are for you, the teachers are meant to help you, and not punish or scare you.
You are all the Hope and Dreams, and the future of this world,
your school does not belong to the principal, or the teachers, or even the state, or the wealthy.
It is yours,
it is a gift from history's greatest philosophers.
If you have a friend,
let them keep you company as you go to the principal's office and learn to stand up for justice.
All the power that the principal is imbued with,
depends on the fact that you feel safe, that you are growing stronger, and that you are truly learning.
Tell the principal that changes need to be made,
and that you demand an unconditional, and honest apology.
Because it is not their paychecks,
but your education, that is the point of the school you are in.
Tell them that next time, you won't be so easily pacified, and you will demand that the lemon[1] is transferred early,
and each class begins showing real and practical results.
When you are done making promises to the principal,
begin learning to talk to the news.
Tell them that you think you are getting a fake education,
because nothing you are being taught shows any practical applications - and it does nothing to get you out of poverty.
Go to the Radio, TV station, and the still reputable newspapers, talk with whoever is there about the school being fake,
and the teachers doing as little as possible to just get paid[2].

It is a mistake for you to assume that you are too young to make demands like this,
it is actually your youth that opens the door for you to be heard.

I have a theory as to what maybe driving your teacher to anger, to being unfair,
or even to purposefully manipulating your grades[3], and it maybe a combination of poverty and indoctrination.
Even teachers that are very kind are blinded,
believing nonsense such as “we need grades to make the students work hard”.
To fully answer your question,
you have to understand how teachers and adults, and even teenagers, can have their minds clouded to act against their own and Humanity’s best interests.

Fundamentally, the teacher is confused because they lack answers,
they are scared, threatened by poverty, unable to get a good grasp on the meaning of education, and they have little grasp on the Human Condition.
Understand that growing up has nothing to do with aging,
it has to do with Knowledge and Wisdom, and where and how they are moving in life.
If all they are is older,
then your teachers are just aged and confused children who gave up on making sense of life.

Be it by choice, or by being tricked, or by desperation, the teacher is there to make money,
by what many assume is education.
But you are not getting an education,
your mind is being sold for years and years of paychecks.
Real education brings real results,
like the time when you were learning to read, or learning numbers and basic math.
This gave you the real ability,
to slowly read a book about philosophers.
Or to use your knowledge of numbers to step into the world of computer programming,
where all the calculations are automatically solved for you, and you instead create endless nested formulas.
Fake education, is that art class, that only made you hold color pencils,
and never taught you how to draw a realistic face, even though that is something that only requires a school or office projector to trace the outlines of a picture you took.
A fake class does not leave you with something that is useful at the end,
it give you the promise that things will connect but they never do.
More than mere promises, you are threatened with bad grades, repeating a class,
and then face the more long-term threats of bad GPA or not being able to get into college.
You are not just facing fake and corrupt education,
you are being tricked to accept it.
You may already be aware that you will be paying for college,
and you might have already accepted it.
Paying for a fake education,
is even worse than getting one for free, it is a sign of getting indoctrinated into a fantasy lifestyle[4].

Your parents are sending you to school,
because they are using school as a babysitter in hopes of controlling your behavior when they are not around.
They don’t want you at home alone,
because you don’t have enough experience in life to make the correct choices.
Usually when an adult is alone,
they take to self education, to a search for wisdom, or a search for adventure.

Adults understand that wisdom will protect them from being taken advantage of,
young people out of lack of experience, often take the opposite path.
The inexperienced will be enchanted by behaviors of movie characters, and celebrities,
by things like displays of anger, fist fighting, or drinking a beer.
Adults see this kind of behavior,
as mimicking stupid things.
Even so, paid fake education, fake classes,
still got the best of them, often they only see the basics.
They do not see the full effects that indoctrination has on them,
they may explain that money, politics and borders are required.
But they have no explanation for homeless camps, people dying from poverty,
mentally ill being thrown into prisons as punishment for their minds falling apart.

Mimicry is actually normal part of early human development[5],
but it is only healthy when you are surrounded by wise beings.
Due to poverty most people are surrounded by pleasant to consume media,
which presents a dumbed down, unrealistic personalities.
In extreme cases inexperienced people may also face a corrupt local culture,
that has evolved to take advantage of them.
Some cultures may present drug dealers, corrupt police or officials,
as good to the community.
In such cases mimicry is used to propagate a culture of crime,
in which schools of any kind of any quality are seen as the only way out of that cycle.
In most extreme cases, mimicry is exploited to the maximum,
and it becomes a component in a process of indoctrination[6].
Indoctrination is not just used to propagate religions,
but also manufacture consent for various other terrible things.
Things like, human trafficking, military recruitment, propagation of misguided politics, the spreading of science denial,
and an entire array of subcultures that force human beings to blindly act against their self interests by disabling their judgment.
Depending on where you fall on this spectrum,
keeping you in school - however ineffective it may be - can increase your chances of not not having your mind hijacked.

The terrible thing about indoctrination,
is that the victims can’t see that they are hijacked.
A boy selling drugs will think he is an independent thinker,
but not only is he a tool, his entire body of wisdom will be ripped out of him.
A deeply religious person will be pushed into slavery during their life,
under a promise of paradise after death - not realizing that life is the paradise.
Your teachers are also victims or indoctrination,
they believe that if they take the same steps everyone else is taking, then everything will work out.
But like the boy selling drugs, they are blindly participating,
in a fantasy existence.
Carter professionals who pushed Real Education, Wisdom, a Meaningful Relationship away for some promotion, or long therm goal that forces them to act against themselves,
often do not awaken from their bad judgment until they face some life threatening illness[7].
And the entire world out of its own complexity,
has also indoctrinated it self into the concept of money.
Nobody intended to create a global state of poverty,
and force the world into acting against its best self interests.
And yet we are ignoring climate change, mass incarceration, fake education,
we are even tolerating starvation and homelessness in a world full of empty homes and stores that throw out food to keep their prices high.
Even beyond money, we use the concept of national borders,
a concept that has shown to induce war, weapons manufacturing, and keeping thousands of active nuclear weapons that are ready to destroy major cities around the world, under the already sick and and dangerously quickly eroding fantasy of Peace by means of Mutually Assured Destruction.

Adults will tell you that borders and money are how the world works,
the same way a cult member will recite their creed.
Just like a cult member, a victim of indoctrination, of fake education, of a fantasy existence,
they will only protest, unable to answer in any coherent way.
A victim of indoctrination, can only protect their false beliefs,
few will ever learn to see outside of themselves[8].
The best way to defeat this vulnerability,
is to prevent it’s abuse in the first place.
And that can only be accomplished by means of real education,
effective education, one that has positive and life changing effects on the student.

Teachers will look you in the eyes and with their clouded mind,
will say there is nothing that can be done to change the world.
But are just ill, in that regard,
they are looking directly at the unbreakable force that has the power to change the world.

School is not about them,
school is for you, because you are the Hope and the Dream.
Things got just tangled up,
because liars all too easily out compete authentic leaders.
That is why the teachers are unfair,
that is why you are not getting an education.
You are not getting a real education,
because the school you are going to is not a real school.
The teachers are not teaching you,
and your textbooks are not structured to properly present knowledge.
The layout of everything past middle school,
is artificially slowed down to put on a show and make the maximum amount of money.

Your teachers demand for obedience,
is a way to hide all the holes and cracks they are sensing but can’t fully grasp.
Your angry teacher is not fully aware that they are selling you out,
they will never admit to it, and will angrily resist.
The friendly teachers who don’t want to be part of any this,
will get transferred if they disrupt the process of your make believe education.
The other teachers who are there to make money,
will see them as eccentric and will reject anything they have to say.
The rebellious more self aware teachers, will either be transferred,
made to look like fools, or forced to betray you.
Those who participate in the system of replacing real education,
with an ineffective theatrical one that provides no results, are not your friends.
Your entire school, is a way of processing all the students,
into decades of paychecks out of desperation from poverty.

In order to optimize this process,
everything is divided into semesters, classes, lectures and assignments.
This division lets the school process the maximum number of students,
while retaining state accreditation.
The state accreditation allows them to keep getting funding,
so that they can continue spreading the money among themselves.
The state test are influenced by politicians,
and they only appear to test knowledge.
Knowledge cannot be tested with pen and pencil,
the state tests, are just as big of a fantasy, as the school it self.
The state tests are an extension of ineffective and fake education,
if those tests were real all the students would fail them today[9].

Nobody protests any of this,
because everyone is trying to get the diplomas anyway.
The High School and College diplomas,
promise to increase the probability of getting a good job.
Almost nobody drops out,
out of worries that they will not be able to get a job as an adult.
Without a job,
you can’t have an apartment, or a home, or put food on your table.
People with the fraudulent diplomas and now student debt[10],
will eventually forget how fake the school was, and consider you are a loser.

There is nothing you can say to the teacher,
they will not understand you, they gave up on understanding[11].
That is the full reason for their anger and unfairness,
they give up.

You have to find your own education,
little one.
Book by book,
and narrated books are best.
Take a piece of paper and draw a concept map of the things you like,
and begin in the beginning, and don’t stop until you come to the end.
Your mind is unique,
there is a unique sequence of knowledge that you must follow.
You have to move at your own pace, in a sequence that matches you best,
during the time of day or night that you prefer.
Fake education means nothing to even a single authentic lesson,
and one book that helps you close to wisdom, can mean more than years of fake schooling.

Please be mindful of poverty,
always look to build a complete path from introduction to things that could make money, enough so that you don’t have to fear poverty, or hunger, or homelessness.
In your journeys aim to become an independent business person[12],
so that your life is not drained from you the way it has been drained from the teachers.
What Great Beings exist in the world today,
are on your side, and you are walking the same road.

To help the other students who are like you,
to become aware of you...
Learn lmms[13]
and get your music, including workout music you can sell, up on the internet.
Use a projector[14],
along with the little master painting techniques[15] to start selling people portraits.
And get a cheap 3D printer[16] to learn 3D modeling[17],
so that you can prototype at home and sell jewelry online.
Build a database of simple brilliant real education things,
that help people stop being afraid of being trapped in poverty.
The real trap of poverty, is a regular job that will destroy your mental health[18],
and get you on prescription drugs, so that you become a better employee.
Help your friends,
give them the tools that save them from the madness of poverty.

If the teachers interrupt your education,
tell them them to stand aside because the school is for you.
If they try to force you by threatening you with failing grades, or repeating classes,
tell them that, that kind of thing will only result the principal calling them a lemon and having them do a little dance for failure to teach[19].
Don’t participate in fake education,
don’t pretend to learn by memorization, that only helps the leaches and hurts you across your entire lifetime.
“In any compromise between good and evil, it is only evil that can profit.”

Don’t drop out,
you have to help the others.
The years ahead of you have been set aside for you to learn,
but do not go to school assuming that what happens there will teach you anything.
Above all,
don’t be alone.
Go to school, to help others understand what is going on,
help the students with bad grades to understand they aren’t stupid.
Tell them missing some prerequisites,
does not make a person stupid.
And that the fact that they didn’t realize that everyone was just memorizing,
actually makes them more beautiful.
And then help them,
help them to Narrated Books at the library.
If you can afford it,
get them a little mp3 player with Bill Bryson's A Short History Of Nearly Everything.
Just imagine them sitting in the back,
smiling and actually learning for real from Bryson - while the teacher is mindlessly babbling something,
And then begin building,
begin building an A-Team, The League Of Extraordinary Ladies And Gentlemen, The Justice League.
Bound by knowledge from the worlds most powerful narrated books,
equipped with Maker spaces, Hacker spaces, and Fab Labs, that get a kid to go from poverty to selling online with little more than a 3D printer and some Open Source Software.
Find a way to build real schools, to save the tigers, to teach the world about all the wrong doings, and how it all leads to poverty and war.
Help your crew become Real Teachers, Powerful Artists, Heartbreaking Orators, Hackers, Makers, Polymaths, Authentic Leaders, and Great Beings fueled by Great Wisdom and Vast Knowledge.
Make it so that when our generation comes to an end,
yours will bring on a lasting global culture of Restraint, Dignity, Nobility, Unbreakability, Fortitude, Courage, Honor, Love;
and Insight; and Foresight; and Understanding; and Authenticity; and Great Heroism.
 
References
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Hh6uHUx728
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jsUj4DqWfU
[3]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzSnvxejenY
[4]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ve23i5K334
[5]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loevinger%27s_stages_of_ego_development
[6]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzZh2wstj88
[7]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPSvdKTEZug
[8]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVV2Zk88beY
[9]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ve23i5K334
[10]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ve23i5K334
[11]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jsUj4DqWfU
[12]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoqgAy3h4OM
[13]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sRvkaxh8EU
[14]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXW0xgYNxlc
[15]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NK4Uo5QvH6M
[16]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gokN9xNG94U
[17]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPrnSACiTJ4
[18]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPSvdKTEZug
[19]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Hh6uHUx728