There are three types of schooling,
Organized Education, Home Schooling, and Self Education.

Self education is the only one that is not broken,
as the student learns in the sequence that matches their existing knowledge an at a pace they are comfortable with.
Home schooling is broken because it isolates the student from constantly evolving culture,
and because it aims to pass standardized tests, which do not work.
And organized education is broken because of money, grades, curricula, drugs, bullying/violence,
lack of funding, and focus on statistics rather than individual student success in life.

Self education, is extremely pleasant, but very difficult go get right, and pretty expensive,
but it does not really compare to the insane problems of standardized testing.
Self education must begin with travel,
and must keep at it, geographic movement is extremely important for the mind and grasp on cultures.
For a student curious about architecture or archaeology,
that means vising dozens of cathedrals[1] across the entire world, and that's just to start.

However, a student who has no interest in things related to cathedrals,
must never be forced or encouraged to go anywhere near them.
This is the problem with standardized lectures,
a student must not be forced into things that are irrelevant to them.
Doing so will cause low grades, low self esteem,
and probably push them away from all the people making them learn irrelevant crap.

A student who is interested in nature, climate, earth, or even survival situations,
must section hike the Appalachian Trail, The Continental Divide Trail and the Pacific Crest Trail.
This would be extremely harmful to someone who does not like trials,
but for a nature lover, this will make them speeches and make them cry in their golden age and beyond.
It may take them few years or a life time to finish hiking those trails,
but there is a chance they will start on their first philosophical treatise while still a teenager.

Home schooling should not involve standardized testing,
because standardized testing is not a path towards real education.
Memorization, is not education,
comprehension of the mechanics behind a formula is education.
The standardized curriculum,
prevents real education.

Home schooling, is different from self education,
because it involves the entire family.
It is like self education I described,
but never alone.
The family members become supportive tutors,
to the interests of the young student.

Here parents should not make the mistake that a student wants to become a musician because they are curious about music,
not should they get angry when the student drops everything to record their first album.
These are not the final aims, they are just small milestones along the way,
selling their first album, is a venture into business, and potentially running their own record label.
A broad curiosity about music, is a call to visit a number of schools that teach music for money,
and a lot of it is about a yearning to meet creative minds across different cultures.

Student must always choose the path,
even if they hate math, they will eventually drop right in the center of it.
Be it programming music, making a computer game, an app that deals with GPS and path finding,
they will be inspired and ravenous for math.
They will need tutors that are familiar with presenting frameworks to the self educated,
that means their lectures will need to be structured like a memory palace, for example learning math by studying its development across history.

Now onto organized education,
it is completely broken, and rotten at the core due to the stupid idea of standardized education.
Standardized education is just another name for a standardized way to process students into little paychecks,
and that is fraud.
But get this, that organized education even exists, is a beautiful miracle,
one the curriculum gets repaired our schools will become the most important invention across all time.

It has been possible to fix schools for a couple of decades now,
yes because computers, can provide a costumed educational experience that is relevant to the student.
That teachers still teach standardized lesson plans today,
is a piece of evidence that schools are not about children but about milking them for paychecks[2].
Schools in the state that they are now are artificially halting progress,
to squeeze every dollar they can, for as long as they can.

If it really was about the students teachers would stage a walkout,
until the curriculum became personalized to the unique needs of each student.
The first step to repair organized education,
is to remove the standardized curriculum and install a computer driven, student controlled curriculum.
Students need to get paid for study,
at first a dignified hourly reward of atelast twice the minimum wage, and later a life long universal income program - a card with a hundred dollar spending limit (automatically adjusted for inflation).

Students require housing, as student exchange programs are very important to real education,
travel will aid in expansion of mind, becoming unstuck from indoctrination, propaganda, bad culture, and bad family, bad teachers, and it will help the world find peace.
The idea of organized education is a magnificent masterpiece,
but the standardized curriculum holds it hostage and prevents real education, and pushes back advancement of the Human Kind, keeping us trapped in poverty and darkness.
No generation should be the same as precious, the blight of corruption, indoctrination, mass incarceration, and mutually assured destruction,
must give way to better ideas.

Humanity must advance, we are just a chain link, temporary keepers,
the world belongs to the younger, and all the future generations to come.
 
References
[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lists_of_cathedrals
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmoor8DwqW4