There are low level languages,
and high level languages.

In a low level language,
you talk to a hard drive in a way that hard drives like to be talked to.
In a high level language,
you open a Desktop Window with a simple bit of code.

High level languages have a concept of objects,
that is really fun to write out and play with.
People create window objects with actions like,
open or close.
When you tell a window to open, with title more than two words,
it pops up.
You can point it at a web page,
or put some input boxes and a button in there, to have the user say something.

Sometimes objects are used to create,
more powerful objects.
Orbs connected by wires,
or actions that have a concept of before and after where you can add more actions.

And this is where the party flops,
any programmers that venture beyond this point unravel.
They may make some games,
maybe card decks with user interfaces, maybe virtual worlds.
But it all falls apart here,
people don't do anything beyond this point.
And if they try they end up with what has been refereed to as,
leaky abstractions.
Where you use windows,
but they can't be opened, or something equally mangled.
There are also folks here,
who have been taught to map out low level stuff with objects.
They create objects like Hard drive,
or file, or file with a documents property that explains where the documents folder is.
They just code themselves in a circle,
they use high level tools for creating concepts of low level things.
Things that are already done,
and they create an unreadable mess of non-sense.
Programming,
for programming's sake.

Practical Applications of Object Oriented Programming,
are discovered by Poets and Artist, not Engineers.
And there is a point there,
where you call the program done.
And let the users do all the programming,
because there is only a few engineers and a million users.

So this is a Higher Level Programming Language,
where you don't have to worry about low level stuff.
In fact if you need a special bit of functionality,
that needs to be filled with standard programming.
You describe what you need,
with Behavior Driven Development language, which is pretty English.
And wait until that functionality,
becomes a puzzle or more precisely a robot, that you and other users can use in the programs.

The programs that you may wish to build,
are the same or similar to what leading internet companies are doing.
Except you are making them with a high level language,
where it is trivial, and clear.

The first problem you have to tackle,
is your monthly server bills, and this is cheap and easy.
When a user signs up for a developer account with your company,
they have to bring in their own server.
The server will have a standard spreadsheet like database,
and whatever pieces of the puzzle they use.
If the server is cheap,
and they have a sudden spike in traffic.
Then it is their responsibility,
to turn on a second one.
Which will jump into processing the queue of actions,
that are taking to long to be solved by one server.
It is better to launch a couple just in case,
and as the traffic dies down, they will shut down, having been up for hours it is not expensive.
You are welcome to offer a premium service,
but I like application creators to accept responsibilities.

With your network being ever expanded by users,
lets talk about the Higher Level Language.
If you happen to be a software Engineer,
you might want to stop listening now, cause this will mess you up.

We have to start with Beauty, Class, and Tradition,
so the user interface is a work of art like no other.
It is beautified by users, and your first user interface theme,
is nothing less fascinating Pixel Art, with a heavy undertone of Retro Futurism.
It will look like a computer game,
or more precisely, like a utility program from the old days of Commodore and Amiga.
Investing into Beauty and Art, is important,
your users will actually understand everything you are doping....
By just looking at the screenshot,
in fact, the screenshot will not only haunt them....
But they will return to your system,
with a back of the envelope sketch of a custom program they always wanted to use.

Now that we have the servers. or more precisely,
distributed self provisioning server architecture taken care of.
Now, that we have the beautiful user interface,
that users are always welcome to improve with more breathtaking pixel art.
Let us look at the language it self,
it is of course very simple, friendly, and requires no learning.
That is the true definition,
of a higher level programming language.

It is a world of rooms that have doors to other rooms,
this not only allows to categorize things in a user friendly way, similar to files, folders, windows and desktops.
But also allows for creation of simple to reason about,
processes or, state machines.
And that is accomplished with the concept of a package,
or a box that contains things in it.
It can for example contain a picture,
that a user may want to convert into a painting.
This package is addressed to an artist,
then you will be notified when it is looked at, approved, queued, and when the progress of the task changes.

The most important object is the user,
and here the users can move around the system, interact, create forums - or write on the wall if you like.
And users have inventories,
they have a key to their own private areas, and whatever administrative rooms they built up as part of creating their inventions.
They have a passport with memberships to private communities,
and coins, that can be spent on purchases, and purchased, of course.

Similar to a user,
is the bot.
Bots help with tasks such as creation of a specific package,
or designing a new package from scratch for some new purpose.
But these bots, are extremely powerful,
they can write poetry, create computer programs, and even analyze x-rays.
Because a bot can be powered by a group of users,
in the case of x-rays, a group of doctors from around the world.
And it should be customary,
that before a human based action taken a consensus must be reached, and then further verified by more human participants.
This is very similar to a Jury Room,
or how self checkout registers (which are robots) use humans to solve problems that they can't deal with.

Finally, you need a way to automate things,
and you should start simple and easy at first.
You create a factory out of rooms,
that accepts certain kinds of packages.
That are then processed by bots,
sent to another room, and processed by more bots.
Your factory does not need to be liner,
it can be a tree, based on some condition in the package, it can be sent to a different room, to a different group of bots.
The packages that enter a room are put in a queue,
and I recommend you use the concept of an assembly line.
The bots are attached to it in a sequence,
this will help you group small tasks without the need for networks of rooms.

And that's, it,
it is a virtual world similar to a MOO[1] that everybody already understands.
There are no leaky abstractions here,
just a handful of easy to grasp things.
To start, put a bounty out,
for the most delightful implementation of this system.
Emphasize small but clear to read code base,
source lines of code wise, this is not a large program.
 
References
[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MOO