And to protect education, to make it permanently real,
we must remove it from the control of any and all politicians.
It may seem like they may not directly influence what is taught,
at least in more developed nations - but that is false.
Raising tuition, is the same, or worse,
as teaching a fantasy, or opinion, over fact.
Underpaying teachers and lowering standards,
is the same as hiring actors that, eventually, merely pretend to teach.
The politicians don't have to ask to burn, or ban, or rewrite the books,
they just need to keep the prices high, and effort low, and the rest will take care of it self.

For all the outstanding teachers in the world,
and their arguments against computerized education.
There are millions of teachers,
that cause overwhelming harm, that result s in people moving away from books.
This is not a try harder scenario,
there are only two kinds of education systems with nothing in between.
It is either ineffective and fake,
or real and profound.

For a dictator to triumph,
they must collapse education.
Education does not collapse on its own,
it is our greatest invention - it is our natural direction.
A well educated nation,
has high standards for political seats.
A high demand for honesty and long term vision of the future,
and most importantly peer reviewed accomplishments, that eventually pave the way into politics.

In a nation with collapsed education,
you will find cult and nationalism.
And again, that is not by chance,
it is a pre-requisite for political criminals to flourish.
Any kind of educational interference,
will always lead to war, crime, and suffering.
The collapse of education is rarely about the burning of books,
and most often, imperceptible.

It is easy for well funded organizations,
to attack education.
They will prevent canceling of debt,
be it by nation-wide forgiveness or personal bankruptcy.
Or they will simply do nothing as tuition fees rise,
or, cause interference in hopes of lowering tuition.
They will do nothing to increase teacher pay,
nothing to encourage better teachers.
They will stand by as schools become ineffective,
and books get banned, and inner-city schools beg for funding.
Before long student loan debt becomes crushing,
and more and more people will see education as optional or unnecessary.

By that time however it won't be real education,
it will be broken, ineffective, and pretty much, a theater.
It will be a picture of education,
but beneath anything but.

A great part of wide spread cults of our world,
are simple answers to common questions.
From the reward of heaven after a life of servitude,
to broken answers like, "...thus, god is above logic and reason".
These fantasies spread,
by filling-in, all the simple answers.
Collective fantasies, ease anxiety or suffering,
and bring a measure of pleasure, in what usually end up being dark ages and poverty.

Such is the case with fake or ineffective schools,
for a price, they will sell the knowledge of some subject.
They will back it up with a certificate,
and the fact that the graduate can't pass the test again, be damned.
Even if a graduate can retake all the tests,
it does not mean that they have the necessary comprehension of their subjects.
Having memorized a hundred formulas,
will not make a mathematician.

The group of people behind the imperceptible collapse of a nations education system,
will then have no trouble being elected into high positions.
Which will grant them even more power to corrupt,
and eventually lead to a crime family in charge of a nation.
This in turn leads to corruption, and complete bankruptcy,
which is them easily swept under the rug by means of war, under the cover of nationalism or some other low effort fantsy.
By that time, propaganda and opinion will have long become louder,
than the voice of reason and hope of world peace.

For an advanced nation, the defense against such an attack,
is found in protection of a real and profound educational system, and a culture and wisdom and knowledge.
Here educated voters must greatly outnumber,
the uneducated, the easily intimidated, easily impressed, or easily mislead, the easily satisfied, and the easily sold out.

People wishing to be in politics,
just wanting to make their way into it, to have followers, to have something to show.
Have long prevented the rise of any advanced nation,
wherever we look we see nations ready for war, nations with warped criminal justice.
We see mass incarceration,
in a nation whose amendment on slavery, still clearly states that a criminal is a slave.

Not only must we protect real education,
but we are yet to bring nations into such an advanced state.

We must begin the creation of a real school that follows the student,
as soon as they begin caring about the world, as soon as they have questions.
And we must make sure that the answers are the best that we have,
that a child is not made into a fool.

Today school is seen as a place that a child goes to,
and a lot of children see it as stressful, fake, and punishing.
Under the threat of poverty students are forced to give up on real education[1],
and begin a fantasy education that revolves around grades and graduations and tests they would fail if they had to retake again later on[2].

We can't trust the politics of a nation,
but we can trust peer reviewed automated school materials that function more like a game.
Rather than demanding obedience by marking a student down,
with a grade that eventually convinces them and their future employers they are unintelligent.
We simply create a range of educational systems where students where students have to progress as if in a game,
where a door will be closed to them until they beat the level.
And the levels or the curriculum,
must be always of their own choosing.
Middle School, High School, College turned into a friendly and rewarding computer game,
when beat, a person can hold up the paths they traveled as great achievement, as something to be truly proud of.

Make no mistake, I am asking you to remove education,
from the hands of politicians, well meaning or not.
I am asking you to put beautiful education in the hands of children,
so that they may grow independent of the artificial or political culture of whatever the place they happened to be born into.
By the time they grow to make use of real education,
most of the world politicians will have long retired.
It costs the world next to nothing to grant the younger generations,
a wiser, better, safer, and more peaceful world.
 
References
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxyKNMrhEvY
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzSnvxejenY