History and Politics,
are not as boring as they may seem at first if you have a good reason to look at them.
Not everything will make sense,
and almost all people will be wrong.
Just think back to some historical mistake,
and look around, the same thing is happening now.
People think they know, people are certain they know,
people blindly believe that we will become right.
Thinking back to moments of historical crisis,
and examining the minds of the majority, is a good tool for thinking.
Look at the Philosophers, Poets,
Artists, Orators and Leaders.

People look to history for a lot of reasons,
and understanding the Mind of Humanity is one of them.
Understanding the present by subtle analogy to the near past,
and perhaps making future projections is a good way to get a good picture of the world.

History is tough and often sad,
but truth is more important than comfort.
Especially,
when future of Humanity Depends on it.

Along with study of history,
comes the study of politics.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr. has that lovely quote,
“True terror is to wake up one morning and realize that your high school class is running the country.”
Kurt was correct to be concerned, and the way to do him justice, is to fix education,
so that Kurt, would be happy to see the wise friends he grew up with running the country.

Ineffective education has real consequences,
because the students who pretend to learn today, will become the leaders of tomorrow.
In the absence of teachers[1],
we must become the teachers.
We accomplish this by working towards the most coherent picture of the world,
that we can get at.
It will never feel perfect,
in great part because the world is not perfect.
Governments are just countless people moving in slightly different directions,
the thing that makes a difference is them having been enabled with real education and resulting knowledge and wisdom.
Lack of knowledge and wisdom, along with lack of greatness and restraint,
is why world history is stained with tragedies.

There is a lot of sadness in the past,
this is our time now.
A chance to learn and create a picture of the world,
and help others to the beautiful wise beings we discovered during our own journeys[2], so that they too may grow.
Here we have an opportunity to contribute to the prevention of future mistakes,
by simply rejecting ineffective education[3] and learning in great part from great beings.
The more we know the faster we learn,
and the faster we learn the shorter the road to wisdom.
This is a great journey, and to earn a balanced view of the world,
probably requires decades.
Knowing where we stand in relation to our world,
is an important part of learning about Humanity, and ourselves, and the endless future ahead.
 
References
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmoor8DwqW4
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4IWpMk7esk
[3]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxyKNMrhEvY