There is only one kind of education,
and that is Integrated Education.
And that means,
that everything you learn is strongly connected.
There are no grades here, you get paid for achievement,
and you graduate the moment you build your first successful company.

The way you learn Math for example,
is by starting out with computer programming.
In the world of programming all the math is done for you,
until you are ready to create something generated by a computer.
This could be a series of generative artworks,
or even generative products that can be sold online.
Eventually, you will either get stuck,
or become seriously interested in real math, to accomplish something - that you need.
And what will come next is not learning math,
but it's complete self driven mastery, because you will need it.
From here you may take to CNC milling machines, 3D printers,
water or laser cutters.

An integrated education, is a single road,
and each new stretch of the road emerges from the entire distance that you have traveled thus far.
It is an education that is important to you,
that is absolutely your own achievement.
You learn at your own pace,
and you learn in a sequence that you set.
A sequence that fits your existing knowledge,
and where you stand, and is respectful of where you are headed next.

You will not be graded,
you will not have a grade point average.
But there will be investors interested in good ideas,
and minds that are deeply passionate about them.
Investors are people that give you free money,
thousands of dollars with a promise of more, if you show good ideas and good progress.
In the end, they may own 10% of your company,
and certainly will be interested in its success, as much as you are.
They will only make money when you make money,
they are there to help you, so that they can help themselves.
Most of them will be graduates of the schools you joined,
they are there to mentor you, they are there to help you grow.

This second part of this text tries to explain.
how and why you are being tricked.
But you should consider this part as being mostly wrong,
and use your own best judgment to figure out what is actually going on in your own school.
Above all stop pretending that you are getting a real education,
all those disconnected facts never do come together.

Teachers are poor,
and they need to keep their job with as little effort as possible.
They can't do anything but follow the rules,
and the higher you go the more abstract everything becomes.
Your school and all the people involved in your education, are there to get paid,
they can't afford to care about real and integrated education.
They are just following rules,
they are just acting.
They are not fully aware that they are selling you out for a small paycheck,
but if they were, they would try not to think about it.

If any of your teachers tried to teach you for real,
you would not pass the state requirements.
The school would lose accreditation and or funding,
it would cease to exist.
They need to trick you into thinking that it will all come together,
to put food on their table.
It will not come together,
everything you are learning will remain disconnected.
The kids that do get the subjects,
are getting support, tutors, correct explanations,
And are genuinely curious,
about the subject that they are good at.
Teachers in the other classes,
are giving them higher grades.
Teachers will not give a 4.0 student a bad grade,
the student would return to repeat the class.
But mostly it would make the teacher look bad,
nobody wants to ruin a 4.0.
Those students are not smarter than you,
it is that the school need them to have that 4.0.

Some students,
force themselves in to memorization, and some small measure of comprehensions.
But their high grades,
as hard as it was to get them, are not real.
They do not represent the understanding of Chemistry, Physics, and Biology,
just how to reliably pass the classes.

They have been tricked,
just like you have been tricked.
And the motive behind this fraud,
is everyone getting paid, the lunch lady, the cleaning staff, the teachers, and everyone else.
There is this old apocryphal story, where a bank robber was asked why he robs banks,
his answer: because that is where the money is.

Without a real education, you will not be able to get a good job,
or you will be pushed into lying and pretending, just like the teachers are.
It is a self replicating cycle,
it goes unnoticed because very few people get a taste of real education.
Sometimes people who are getting are real education,
will be told it is not a real education because it is not a balanced education - so be careful - pay attention to results[1].
The 4.0 GPA students don't want anybody to know their grades are inauthentic,
because they want to keep getting straight A's with as much ease as possible...
To get the hell out of there,
and they don't mind the inauthentic praise either.

You need to learn how to create your own products,
how to get investors, and how to successfully run the business.
One big reason why the teachers aren't teaching you for real,
is because real education is a lot harder than a fake education - and it may not even be possible in an organized education setting.
Aside from selling you out,
they want to sell you out in a manner, that is as easy as possible.

Even if they owned up to it,
there is nothing they can do to help all the students in your school with real education.
Aside from everyone soon loosing their job, there would be too many questions,
that they are mostly too unqualified for to answer,

Which brings us to the closing part of this text,
you have to become a real teacher.
What you learn,
is what you are going to teach.
You must begin keeping notes,
for those that will be seeking help on the same subject.
One of your first companies will be a small somewhat automated school,
and it will double as an investor hub.
The investors will give you money,
for connecting them with the graduates.

Fake education will end,
just as soon as people will begin noticing real results from real schools.
Parents who were once prepared to put some money towards college,
will much rather spend that money on classes that provide real results.

Finally, I will leave you with an example of such a little school,
lets us assume that you are curious about 3D printing...
Though this applies to any stepping stone like dance, music, photo realistic drawing,
any stepping stone that helps people out of poverty.
So you begin learning FreeCAD, and Blender,
and get an Ender printer.
As you learn you create a curriculum, with lovely milestones,
for others to follow.
While being mindful, that they will require a powerful and authentic entry in their portfolio;
perhaps one that includes videos, sketches, and maybe a real newspaper article about graduating from your class.
And then you take in some number of students,
and begin teaching them how to get to a point where they are able to print things that are useful to them.
You get them to buy an Ender,
you help them assemble and fine tune it, and teach them how to set up and use all the software.
They will want to get to the end,
they will want to print things, build things.
You can expand your school,
to teach related subjects - and your students and graduates will help to advertise it.
Unlike the fake schools,
your graduates with walk out with the ability to create real products.

From a more general perspective,
people will be learning what they need,
They will be progressing on their own path of real self education,
one that brings results.

Please,
please...
Stop pretending that you are actually learning in school, stop memorizing disconnected facts,
start learning for your self, in a sequence that makes sense to you.
Help the other students understand,
set them free to a bright future they can understand.
And help the lost kids in the back understand that the school they know now put them there because it is all just a show to sell them out,
tell them that they too were geniuses all along, and that their genius and creativity will know no bounds once they take to self education.
 
References
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmoor8DwqW4