I worry that my first poem is not enough to announce that gateways to art,
have opened to all now - there are no more barriers left.

Maybe, probably,
it is the first thing everybody learns at the Art Academy - but they don't seem to share.
This isn't really tracing,
this is not color by number either.
This is something different,
it is a way to improve art.
It is away to bring everyone,
into art.

And it is a launchpad,
and an amazing teacher.
I couldn't even list the things,
I've learned in the past two days.

Could this have been a secret,
that nobody wanted to talk about.
Artist do tell each other that copying,
is not art - and what an awful and toxic thing to say that is.

Use the reference Images Tool,
to place your source photo over the entire canvas.
Set the source photo opacity to one percent,
now your color picker will only ever return colors from the invisible reference image.
This is the Color Picker,
in God Mode.
Everyone,
is an artist now.

I know art is a billion things,
and that tracing is in fact art, and an expression of respect.
I know there are nincompoops out there,
that will say it is not art.
Maybe we should just tell them,
that their portraits are slightly crooked.
Alas, art is about sending a message,
and pointing at thing and calling it "not art", sends the wrong one.

This technique of always having the correct color
in the precise area of the canvas your brush is in.
Means that you can paint photo realistic portraits,
you still choose the brush, or when you actually need the new color.
You still take the portrait photo,
you still have to pay attention to the way the face is lit up by the sun.
And you can make a caricature,
by using GIMP's warp transform[1].
And other customization and arrangements,
along the way.
But there is no barrier here,
art is open to you now.
You are,
an artist.

It is too easy to underestimate the significance of color being a click away,
relatively speaking transferring proportions or outlines is child's play.
Wrong proportions are easy to spot, and show first,
but it is the color that makes art beautiful.
In realistic portraits,
color is critical.
"You are an artist" is all I can say in hopes of explaining
how important that invisible layer of color is.
The barrier to enter art,
is gone.
Once you paint your first digital painting,
the gateway of adding everything else is wide open.
Everything will call to you, enhanced realism with perfect eyes and faces radiating with sunshine,
backgrounds with fantastic creatures and universes, caricatures and lowbrow.
An unlike color and proportions,
these enhancements are all friendly and full of joy, and extremely rewarding.
The only other thing I can say,
is that your paintings will look so real, people will have trouble believing it is not some clever trick.
And that will serve as an invitation,
to teach them, to show them that gateways to great art are open now.
You are,
an artist.
 
References
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etkvjiiGs1c